A man in swimming trunks walking down to his belongings that are piled on a yellow canoe .
A person in a white t-shirt , military print cap and red bandanna with a skeleton on it covering most of the person 's face .
A man in a martial arts outfit with a blue belt is practicing martial arts .
There is a man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
A man playing tennis .
Black dog paddles through the water with a bright ball in its mouth .
A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A brown and white dog fetching a toy .
A white dog fetching a yellow toy .
A little girl is standing outside ready to brush the black goat 's coat .
Young girl plays with small livestock on farm .
A young girl in a purple dress throws a tantrum .
A small child in a snowsuit and skis .
A little girl in pink is skiing .
A small group of Asian youths gathered on the sidewalk looking into camera and playing around .
Three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat .
A man and three women with backpacks , sitting on a mountain .
Two police officers observe while a crowd gathers outside a white tarp .
Old people are playing bocce ball .
Military men in blue and red suits stand in the street .
Five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow , with snowmobiles in the background .
Five musicians , of varying ages , play together in a living room .
Six people are sitting behind two kayaks .
Two men are busy working .
A guy kisses another surprised looking man on the ear .
A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track .
Man wearing red uniform holding a black hat in the air with his right hand .
A man wearing a white t-shirt has his mouth open wide .
A boy is sitting down while smoking .
Two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side .
Two towers made of flashy fabric with weird heads on top of them are facing each other on a roadway .
3 guys ham it up in front of the camera .
Protesters with " NO NEW COAL " signs in urban area .
Females , who are on team usa , jump in the air excitedly .
A small boy dressed in a black sweatshirt with a logo on it , holds a red bat in front of blue stadium seats .
A baseball pitcher prepares to pitch the ball to the batter .
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt .
The boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is holding a red baseball bat .
Man smoking , while inspecting his camera .
A man in a sleeveless brown shirt and khaki shorts sews on a piece of cloth covering a ramshackle shade structure .
A man is standing on a stone structure with his arms out like a bird .
a man looking for something in a shopping bag .
A man is carrying metal beams in a supply yard .
Man taking a photograph of a well dressed group of teens .
A man in a green hard hat and yellow vest is looking down .
A man in an orange shirt is loading or unloading a large amount of pretzels from a delivery truck .
A man using a bulldozer on a construction site .
A worker in a red hat and yellow coat is on crane lift .
A worker in an orange vest is using a shovel .
Woman holding a sandwich in one hand and a cup in another hand , with her purse hanging on her shoulder .
Two boys eat their McDonalds lunch in an outdoor seating area surrounded by many other people .
A man in a red shirt is about to eat a taco .
A woman in a pink skirt is holding a baby .
a woman holding a cookie and coffee
As he lays in the grass , he plucks a spent dandelion , and makes a wish as he blows the little pinwheels into the air .
A young man who is running as part of a competition team .
A kid in a black shirt on a tennis court running with a dark green background .
A female beach volleyball player serving the ball .
Runner 3618 is racing down the street .
Two men talking and observing fruit that 's on show and for sale at an open fruit market while another woman is also observing the wares .
A vendor on a busy street is selling food .
A group of asian sitting and eating in the middle of a market .
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread .
an old woman selling fresh spices .
Woman standing in front of a large pot holding the lid and wearing a yellow apron .
A group of workers are preparing batter for food in a restaurant of some kind .
An Asian man is cooking food outdoors .
A man preparing food in his kitchen .
A girl posing in the kitchen .
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans attempts to climb a rock .
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall .
Nice view of a guy climbing a cliff .
A woman reclines on top of a large rock with green trees in the background .
A little girl with blond-hair is playing and splashing in a mud puddle .
Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it .
A girl wearing camouflage pants sits on top of a Hummer .
A small child in a snowsuit and skis .
A little girl is walking her bike a lawn .
A woman in a green dress sitting in a broken green and yellow chair .
A racetrack with red chairs stacked beside fence with a child walking .
A woman in brown and a man in gray look at the camera .
A man and woman are locked arms sitting down and all dressed up .
Two men are sitting on white chairs .
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade .
A woman wearing rolled up jeans and a black shirt is walking past a bus carrying a shopping bag .
Girl graduating from college with flower necklace on .
A woman talks on the phone as a group of men talk before class .
A young girl in a red dress is wearing a black cowboy hat .
Men wearing red and white stripe shirts and wearing blue hats carrying flags outside a brick building .
A boy in a lavender shirt sits on his bike on a large gray dock .
Three men in red striped shirts carry flags outside of a brick building .
A man rest against his bicycle as the sun sets .
Three people playing pool and one is thinking of his next shot .
A busy street scene shows several people walking under an archway .
People walking about a university campus with palm trees in the background .
A woman wearing blue and red walks through a rustic urban area .
People walking down sidewalk next to a line of stores .
Two women are walking on a footpath .
Two men wearing orange robes and sandals are standing in front of the Bean in Millenium Park , Chicago .
A group of people wearing snowshoes , and dressed for winter hiking , is standing in front of a building that looks like it 's made of blocks of ice .
A group of people dancing and a couple engaging in a kiss .
A group of volleyball girls high-fiving each other in a gym .
A guy playing an accordion with people listening and watching .
A group of guys are standing on a stage playing several different instruments .
the band is getting ready for tonight 's show with a pre-show run through .
There are musicians performing fro a small group of people .
Fans cheer as the band plays a song .
A band on stage with guitars and brass
An older woman looks at the camera while young children play with many kinds of toys around the room in the background .
A woman in a child 's classroom is helping a child build a sculpture , while other children play by themselves .
Little kids are playing a game of tug-of-war .
3 kids and one female are playing with blocks in a room .
A woman is helping a child build using toys .
The man with sunglasses and a striped shirt is walking down the street with three cases of beer .
A person is looking at the computer on a desk with a phone and a box .
A female gymnast holds herself vertically above uneven bars .
A film crew films a young African boy in a yellow shirt .
An gymnast is working the bar .
Graffiti with saying CRAZI with bright green and pink with women in a red skirt walking by .
A man on rollerblades grinds a wall .
A woman with body art takes a picture of art that is up for display .
A woman sits in a cafe , looking out a window .
Kids scale a wall as two other people watch .
One white man and one african american man sitting at a long table that has colored note cards spread out on it .
Two women are holding hands over a table and smiling at the camera .
Four girls and a lady learning how to do some crafts .
Two women are smiling while sitting at the table .
Business ideas are scattered about a table in a meeting .
man standing at a counter in a convenience store with a woman on the other side of the counter wearing a white shirt looking at him very expectantly .
A man is riding a scooter in front of a store .
A man in a green shirt is walking on the beach carrying his sneakers .
Here are three people unloading their groceries at the supermarket .
Guy in Art Deco Glass Home .
Two men , one in a green jacket and one in a red jacket , are trying to build a fire in the woods .
Several teenagers are looking over a railing in a dark room .
A man and three women with backpacks , sitting on a mountain .
Two people , a male and a female , are watching a very large fire .
Old people are playing bocce ball .
Two men , one sitting , one standing , are playing their guitars on stage while the audience is looking on .
A musical concert with a large number of people .
A teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game .
There is a band playing for a small audience .
A band plays a concert for fans .
A bride in a light pink dress poses for a picture with male relatives and is being photographed by a man in a cream shirt with white pants .
A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track .
A guy playing with the ball on the field .
An older man is opening his arms wide and looking perplexed .
A man cutting branches of trees .
A man with a striped shirt , blue jeans and a red kerchief in his pocket is being thrown off a brown irate horse while a brown and tan horse is buckling while the crowd is watching
A young boy in a red hat rides on a horse .
A cowboy in a rodeo trying to beat the 8 second clock .
Two men ride on a rural road in a flatbed vehicle pulled by two horses .
This is a man dressed in yellow holding the reign of a brown horse
A small crowd of people are walking around an city 's outdoor fountain .
A crowd forms on a busy street to watch a street performer .
Woman standing barefoot near a small hut and filling a jug with liquid .
Two police officers on duty watching over things .
People gathering near a fountain while it snows .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
Old woman in yellow holding tissue over young boys head .
A small child with a distended stomach stands alone .
A young boy is holding a tennis racket .
Men and women sitting and walking around picnic tables and having food .
A man and a woman sitting on each side of a small metal table .
A table full of pictures in frames , at an outdoor market .
A man sits at a table outside and looks toward the horizon .
A man in straw hat is looking at pictures on a table .
A woman and little boy are smiling and the child is tasting something on a long wooden spoon .
A young girl plays at a large sand box , while a woman sits and chats on a cellphone .
A young mother is letting her child lick a wooden cooking spoon clean .
Two small children with older man plating a tree .
A man and two children are planting a tree .
Two men talking and observing fruit that 's on show and for sale at an open fruit market while another woman is also observing the wares .
Woman wearing a yellow hat , pink shirt , and red apron is holding food in a kitchen .
Men in casual attire browsing an outdoor fish market .
Different kind of people roaming around in a public market
An Asian woman is selling colorful fabrics .
The boy is wearing a blue shirt , and the girl is wearing black clothes .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing at a park .
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .
children sit on top of somebody in a banana suit .
A family walks through a park .
A small group of Asian youths gathered on the sidewalk looking into camera and playing around .
An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background .
People sitting in the grass outside a building , taking a break .
Two men trying to build a fire .
A man sells potatoes to a group of people .
a man with long hair pulled into a ponytail and thick framed black glasses stands at a stove stirring a pot of boiling water .
A man in a white apron is cooking something with eggs on a pan outside for a woman in a tan jacket .
Young boy wearing apron standing on step stool cutting meat with butter knife .
A hispanic woman is using a outdoors wok to cook .
A man is cooking outdoors with a female watching .
Two children wearing hats are standing on the shoreline , and a woman is holding one child by the arm while the other is fishing .
A young Caucasian child and another adult lady are playing with a house made out of Legos .
A black mother and five children in a rural area
A woman is playing toys with a young toddler sitting on a red mat .
The four people sit on a pile of rocks .
In rural outdoors , blond woman sits on roof of yellow BMW vehicle , two people inside .
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor .
A young girl is trying to brush a goat .
A little girl is walking her bike a lawn .
An African-American male wearing black shoes carrying a black bag walks along a yellow wall with the words " E.S.E. Electronics " painted on it .
Young man in a headband with other young people in background .
The African American man protests against unlawful sex .
Some guys are playing sports together .
A man in a motor cart rides by to witness the park area .
A policeman is leaning in picked up front to all of the bus as he looks at an old lady passenger getting off he makes a fish face pout
People inside a subway car hold on to the rails while people outside the subway car walk away .
Woman in a gold jacket walking on a New York subway platform .
An Asian man with dark hair wearing a dark shirt riding the subway .
A blue train collides with a small car on the tracks .
An african child carries an infant in swaddling cloth on her back .
A boy and a woman in a white shawl working with plant products underneath a tree .
A small African child carries a younger child on his back .
The child is having a meltdown on the ground .
A girl in a red sweater sitting in an archway .
A dog jumps by a tree while another lays on the ground .
A dog with a snub nose smells for something on a riverbank .
A brown dog pays no attention to a young woman dressed in black passing nearby .
A light brown dog is running up .
A dog tamer creates human jumping ring .
A gymnast in a blue and pink leotard is standing on her right foot with her left foot in the air and waving a ribbon .
A young man who is running as part of a competition team .
A boy with sunglasses running in some brush in front of an event .
A woman who is running , with blue shorts .
A woman plays volleyball .
Elderly woman with green sweater picking out produce in outdoor market .
A man , wearing a green shirt , is cooking food in a restaurant .
Woman selling bags of fruit on a sidewalk .
A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog .
A woman is holding a large check for Kids Food Basket .
A small boy plays with plastic blocks , cars , and animals with an adult watching closely .
Children jumping in a pool surrounded by pool chairs and huts .
A water play table in which a game can be played .
Children petting an animal , a clown is holding .
Three girls jump into a pool .
A blond pregnant woman in a black shirt is standing in the kitchen with her hand on her belly holding something in her mouth .
A woman , wearing a yellow apron , is taking the lid off of a large pot .
A man cooks with a pot on the stove in the kitchen , two other men observe .
A woman is cooking with a large pot .
Three men are cooking in a kitchen .
The back of a blond woman with braided hair playing tennis .
A young boy wearing blue is standing next to a large red ball in a field .
A man in a pink shirt is sitting in the grass and a ball is in the air .
A dog is playing fetch with a ball .
A yellow dog anticipates a ball .
A crowd of people walking down the middle of a city street .
Two boys cross a city street while kicking a red soccer ball .
The ladies who went shopping are walking past the restaurant .
A woman wearing a p blouse walks up a flight of stairs .
People climbing up stairs with graffiti behind them .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
A skinny boy with black hair and white shorts is jumping into a body of water .
A boy in a stroller is wearing a green shirt and holding a book .
A child is sweeping outside of a building .
A lady walking in a alleyway of what appears to be a third world country .
Five people walking up a set of stairs led by a woman in a pink shirt and brown skirt .
A shirtless man and three women walk outside near a street cafe .
Pedestrians walking down the street look at a child in a cardboard box .
A student walking across campus .
A wakeboarder performs a flip while being towed at high speed .
The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad .
A wet , smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised .
A young boy stands near a sand pyramid .
Man doing a back flip into the ocean .
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade .
A solitary woman uses a large primitive mortar and pestle to crush plant material as she stands in a stubble field .
Three friends at a cafe taking a photo-op .
Two women , one in blue and one in red speed skating on a basketball court .
A cat looking after the rabbits in a cage .
A dog stirs up the dirt on the ground while running to catch a ball .
A young boy wearing blue is standing next to a large red ball in a field .
Small boy in blue with a bright red ball walking near four bare trees .
A fox terrier leaps after a ball .
A girl in a red shirt is playing tennis .
A woman with long hair is meditating on a beach .
A little girl is looking through a telescope at the beach .
The feet are shown of a person who just fell off of their surfboard .
Two people in shorts are running on the beach .
kid in sunglasses running
Five snowmobile riders all wearing helmets and goggles line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles ; they are all wearing black snow pants and from left to right they are wearing a black coat , white coat , red coat , blue coat , and black coat .
A few oriental people with their clothing attire on in reds , greens , and golds standing on steps .
middle-aged man in white shorts and flip-flops looking up the road
Asian workers gleaning in a field .
Three men smiling and gesturing .
A man in a green t-shirts holds his sneakers while walking alone down a beach .
A male teen in a white hat looks at a coffee maker at the store .
A man in a white shirt has his mouth open and is adjusting dials .
A man wearing a white t-shirt has his mouth open wide .
A man cutting branches of trees .
A woman in a flowing blue robe with a white wave pattern is dancing in front of a large brick building with other dancers similarly attired in the background .
High class group of business people including older men have drinks in park .
A man in a blue shirt speaking on a loudspeaker to a large group of people on bicycles .
Two people canoe down a river at the time of a beautiful sunset .
People are sitting on benches in a plaza .
Two men are sitting in white chairs next to a blue door .
A large group of kids in a room sitting on front of there computers with orange barriers separating them .
A boy and a girl holding hands while sitting on a shore .
a couple posing together each smiling
A man in a pink shirt sitting next to a small building .
Two children wearing hats are standing on the shoreline , and a woman is holding one child by the arm while the other is fishing .
A garishly dressed man is standing in front of a group of children that are sitting down .
A water play table in which a game can be played .
A man on a rocky beach , wearing a black bathing suit , staring at the water .
A man and two young children are fishing by a pond .
A person dressed in brown and gray walks down a long street lined with yellow-walled buildings with tiled roofs .
A man with a backpack stopping and looking at the display in the store .
Two men pretend to be statutes while women look on .
Four people dressed for warm weather out on a street walking .
These people are walking in a crowd of people .
A woman with a dog sitting on a bench near the ocean .
People sit on a bench in a city square with random objects including a lamp and a dressmakers form standing nearby .
Man holds his face in his palm sitting on a bench .
An individual wearing rose jacket site idle on a wooden bench .
a man is sitting by the sidewalk .
Some children are playing tug-of-war with a rope while an adult assists .
Three Asian children sitting on a couch with tapestries hanging in the background .
A woman and three children are playing with various toys from a toy box .
Children fight to win a tug-of-war battle .
Two young boys play together at a park .
A girl sitting outside a coffee house on a maroon colored bench with another girl watching her .
A woman and a dog sit on a bench in front of a beach .
The woman in the brown shirt is sitting on a bright red bench .
A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog .
a man holds his dog near a pond .
White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage , sky in background .
a brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods .
A panting brown dog walking on the grass .
A black and white dog catching a baseball in midair .
A dog begging to a man and a woman .
A woman is sitting on some stairs outside with several baskets filled with craft items and miniature dolls at her feet and next to her for sale .
A lot of people at the market looking at various different things .
A woman at a fish market is looking at the fish that are frozen .
A woman holding a bowl of food in a kitchen .
hotdog stand on a busy street
For people in black pants and white martial arts shirts with belts hold a pose with both arms raised while three casually dressed me look on from a door on the left .
A person wearing blue rubber gloves is loading a syringe with vegetables .
A man wearing a blue and white uniform clutching two yellow ski handles .
An attractive young New York City policewoman pauses on the sidewalk .
The smiling baby is being held by a smiling adult .
A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier .
Man with white hair playing an accordion in the middle of some buildings .
A older man playing the accordion outside in the street .
Two old men play guitar and sing at a rock concert .
A man in a black jacket playing the guitar .
An silver-haired man stands on the cobblestones of an open-air square playing the accordion .
Two guys performing rock concert , one has short blond-hair who is singing , and the second has long blond-hair and is jamming out on his guitar .
A older man playing the accordion outside in the street .
A rock band playing on stage with the lead guitarist wearing white striped pants and the lead singer in a black shirt and jeans with the bass player in the background .
A woman carrying a guitar is walking .
The groom has just kiss the bride after they were pronounced man and wife , as she worn her white wedding gown carrying her white and pink bouquet , and as he worn his black tuxedo and white shirt .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses sit halfway in the water .
A large group of people of various ages and genders sit outside together .
A bride and groom kiss under the bride 's veil .
Men sitting in chairs in shallow water fishing .
Two women looking at an Asian decoration that looks like a collage .
A group of hikers are climbing up a snowy mountain .
Some nature hikers stop to examine a log along the path .
Two people canoe down a river at the time of a beautiful sunset .
A group of children prepare to perform .
An older man dressed in jeans and a puffy dark jacket plays the accordion , seated in front of a stone wall .
A man in dress clothing playing a brown piano .
A musical street quartet performs with a guitar case set out for donations .
A man on stage next to a microphone .
A man and a woman sitting next to a black fence talking .
A girl in a polka dotted blue jean dress walks barefoot on a balance beam .
A little child is in full ski gear while standing on the snow .
A young girl has lifted her friend and is carrying her in her arms .
A little girl is pushing her scooter through a grassy tree lined field .
Girl on roof of jeep being driven down road
These children are gathered together writing notes related to a field trip .
Young children are performing karate moves while their teachers look on .
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .
A Family going for a walk in a park .
kids playing on a rock looking at mud .
A man wearing a white shirt is looking out a window of a metal construction .
Three firefighters enraged after a prank call .
Police officer watching woman exit from bus .
A man in a suit is sitting at a bus stop .
A grumpy old man reads a newspaper on public transit .
A woman holds her little white dog and points to a big brown dog at the bottom of the hill .
Dog standing in grass playing with green flying disc
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
A large brown dog is walking along side a river .
A gray dog plays in the sand at the ocean .
A group of people at a protest to stop the building of the Kingsworth coal power plant .
There are three people in jeans and shirts standing outside with spray cans .
A group of young people stand around waiting for something .
Two people standing outside next to blow up toys and dumpsters .
People wearing sombreros drink shots happily .
View of a Victorian building in the background with various people walking in the foreground .
A man with a backpack stopping and looking at the display in the store .
Three people are pictured walking down and alleyway .
A man is walking down a narrow street .
Men and women are walking in the street .
A girl sits on a decorated bike with a younger boy while another girl takes a picture .
A young man with a blue checkered shirt is doing bike tricks on a half pipe .
a group of people stand around a pool table holding pool stick one is wearing a black and white striped dress .
Man carries bike over obstacle
A young man climbs a rocky hill .
A group of people watch young men play the drums using makeshift buckets as instruments .
People are holding various types of drumsticks above different kinds of drums .
Two men , wearing black shirts , are playing the drums in a very urban area .
Two young men in black tank tops playing on a set of drums .
Two men wearing black wife beater 's playing the drums .
A woman sits at a restaurant with her back against a brick wall .
As I slave over this assignment , I cautiously click on the answer !
A woman working on her computer in front of a bright yellow wall .
A mural of children on a brick wall .
A lovely woman makes a point at a business meeting .
A group of young adults are leaning against a metal fence in a dark place , possibly a concert .
Costumed onlookers watch as a uniformed policeman makes a speech and a man in a suit holds a bowl of fruit .
Four Asian women performing a dance in traditional , Oriental attire , outside a church with onlookers watching .
Two men in robes next to a large structure .
People wearing sombreros drink shots happily .
A man in a chef 's uniform holding a large skillet over a stove , with fire coming out of the skillet .
A woman stands behind the counter in the open kitchen of a restaurant .
a restaurant cook getting ready to prepare a chicken to cook
A man wearing apron is slicing a meat .
A woman in a white blouse is working in a restaurant .
A man wearing bathing trunks is parasailing in the water .
A blond little boy is wearing a green shirt and holding a book upside down .
A boy wearing an orange shirt and brown shorts is jumping .
A child is splashing in the water
One boy at the shooting range .
An Asian woman wearing a Asian dress sitting among a group of cloths , with a woven basket on her lap .
A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow .
A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks .
Toddler is helping to stir ingredients .
People are shopping for fish at a market .
A smiling woman in a brown shirt leans on a man in a sweater .
A group of male and female cheerleaders create three formations .
A child in a striped shirt walks by some red chairs .
Four people playing instruments underneath a white tent .
A woman sitting on a lawn chair .
A guy sitting with his arms crossed with a brunette on his left .
A woman looks on as a man with folded arms is talking .
A man is reading the newspaper while drinking a glass of wine .
Two men sit talking near a stone building .
Two old men having a conversation .
A very tired little boy 's taking advantage of bed setting in a department store to get some rest .
Africans wearing colorful clothing gather behind a fence .
Boy that is outside with a green bug sitting on his nose .
What is this ecstatic child running towards ?
Young boy playing with Legos .
An African woman in long , flowing garb , with a baby on her back , is working in a dry field with trees far off in the distance .
A woman in a grassy field blows on a dandelion .
A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks with a group of people in the background .
The man is dressed in all black and has a tattoo on his left arm .
A woman dressed in black .
Woman standing in front of a large pot holding the lid and wearing a yellow apron .
Man with a white T-shirt and black rimmed glasses cooking a pot of food on the stove .
A man in white apron and blue shirt is cooking eggs outside for a woman in a tan coat .
A woman in black is holding something in her mouth .
Two men are cooking meat on the grill .
A girl wearing a baseball cap , white t-shirt and blue shorts is standing in a rock-bottomed , forest-lined mountain stream .
A boy in blue shorts and a white shirt begins repelling down a rock .
a man is climbing a cliff with his feet on a brown metal plate
A woman peeks out from behind a rock with the ocean in the background .
Girl climbing rock wall
A guy kisses another surprised looking man on the ear .
A man in a green t-shirt walks down a beach , carrying his tennis shoes .
A man stands on boards on top of a huge ladder .
Pictured is the captain of a boat ; he is steering .
A strong man is hitting to a person .
A man in a t-shirt is standing with his hands on some type of instrument with a lot of buttons on it , with fake fog in the background .
A man in light colored clothing photographs a group of men wearing dark suits and hats standing around a woman dressed in a strapless gown .
A man in black pants cutting bushes .
a guy give a kiss to a guy also
A man in an apron holding a bowl .
A little boy holding a yellow , plastic shovel , crouches in the sand .
A man on a zip line being propelled through the water .
A young boy plays in the water with the mountains in the background .
A little boy jumps high off his bed .
A person upside down on a water board .
Construction workers in orange and yellow vests with jeans work on a street .
Two construction workers have a discussion while on the work site .
Men hard hats and safety harnesses walk down the street as part of a march .
The workers are surrounding a hole with a bucket .
A man working in the ground in the dirt looking away .
A woman with a blue shirt is putting something in her mouth .
A brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other .
A child is laying on a beige rug laughing .
A man eating and holding a baby with a white hat on .
An older man holding a newborn baby .
Two people are seated in striped outdoor chairs which are placed in a body of water and one man is holding a large fishing pole .
Three people on comfortable seating in a waiting room .
A storefront with a sign written in chinese .
Some people sitting on yellow chairs eating in a cafe .
Two guys and a girl smiling .
Two people with their hands expressively out towards a sporting event 's field .
Two young men playing soccer on a sunny day are jumping for the soccer ball .
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field .
Two people are playing a water sport .
A group of soccer players are playing soccer .
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
A woman in a grassy field blows on a dandelion .
Three friends at a cafe taking a photo-op .
A woman with long hair is at a graduation ceremony .
A teen with a purse squats on a curb .
A woman in a yellow and red outfit is squinting at a computer screen while holding a mouse .
A technician in an orange vest and a hard hat removes cables from a work truck .
A person in a bright yellow vest and hard hat is standing by the railroad tracks .
A worker in a red hat and yellow coat is on crane lift .
A man in a vest works outside .
A young boy , dressed in a gray and blue baseball uniform , preparing to hit the ball off of the t-ball stand while onlookers watch from behind a chain link fence .
Two children , a boy in a yellow shirt and a girl in blue and white stripes , swinging .
A baseball player coming into home plate with knee held high and the catcher right in front of him waiting for the ball .
A baseball player taking a swing at the plate .
A boy and a girl swinging in a park shaded by trees .
A man is repelling down the side of a mountain over the ocean .
A surfer tries to stay moving on his white surfboard .
A man in a martial arts outfit with a blue belt is practicing martial arts .
A snowboarder in an orange coat is in the middle of a jump .
A man in a helmet treads water .
Three people are in a field picking something , and one of them has a big hat with a red bow .
Three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat .
Two people are standing around in front of an inflated blob machine .
An officer squints directly at the camera as he leans on a metal bar .
Two gentlemen outside beside a log .
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
A young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock .
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
Two sweepers work frantically as their curling teammates look on .
2 men going up a mountainside .
A girl in a green sweatshirt checks out at a store filled with Pokemon items .
A man in a white shirt stands high up on scaffolding
A photographer takes a picture of a group of one girl in a pink dress and 10 boys in suits and hats .
The elderly man is enjoying time in the park visiting with friends .
A man carrying a bag walks past an electronics sign .
One white man and one african american man sitting at a long table that has colored note cards spread out on it .
Several people are sitting at tables within a large classroom having a discussion .
Eight men gathered around a table at night .
A group of men are sitting around a table .
A man sits at a table outdoors and watches people .
A German Shepherd is running with a stick in its mouth .
Black dog is carrying something in its mouth and running in the grass .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A brown and white dog fetching a toy .
The dog is holding a yellow toy .
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him , in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables .
An african family are standing in front of some makeshift houses .
Two young girls with fishing poles and a man displaying a fish they caught .
A woman holds a young boy who has a wooden spoon in his mouth .
New Mom plays with her young baby .
A man in a red hat and a woman in a black dress are sitting outside a building on the street .
Two people are sitting fishing on striped beach chairs in a body of water .
A student reads a book while others enjoy art photography in a gallery .
A cheerleading team doing a routine on chairs .
Two men are sitting on white chairs .
Lady with short brown hair and a red and white striped shirt with a name tag taking a sip from a cup .
A man in a gray overshirt and brown pants plays pool with a woman in a black and white striped shirt whose head cannot be seen .
A man in a striped polo is signing autographs for children at a convention .
A mountain biker with a backpack crests a ridge .
A man relaxing after riding his bike .
A white dog carries a yellow toy while another dog follows .
A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface .
A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy .
a dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth .
A dog holds a stick in its mouth in the water .
Two women , one wearing a purple shirt and the other a green shirt , are climbing their way up an electrical pole with safety equipment with onlookers .
A man in swimming trunks walking toward bright yellow and orange kayaks .
A man in black pants and a white shirt chopping bamboo with a sword .
Two women , one wearing a purple shirt , attempt to climb a utility pole .
A young person is kayaking in blue water .
A child in a orange shirt is pouring Legos out of a plastic bag .
A lady with red-hair is submerged from the neck down in what looks like cold water .
A skinny boy with black hair and white shorts is jumping into a body of water .
A boy carrying a chunk of snow .
White duck flapping its wings in the water .
A man wearing a green t-shirt sits with his legs on a ledge and talks on the phone .
A man in a black shirt uses a yellow bulldozer .
A boy with a pencil behind his ear writes on a chalkboard .
A man in green walking down the beach while holding his shoes .
A man with his feet up using a telephone .
A group of young adults are leaning against a metal fence in a dark place , possibly a concert .
Four men are preparing to launch a boat with colorful flags .
Ball players with white on in a field playing a game .
two men wearing black in a city
People on laptops in front pf a large window .
A middle-aged woman with middle length brown hair in khaki pants , a long-sleeve blue shirt , and a long long gold jacket is walking in the subway station .
A woman in her early fifties walks by herself in the subway , another woman is not far behind .
A man in a white shirt peers out a brown train .
Children on a train , at an amusement park .
Police motorcycle waiting at a red light .
A guy kisses another surprised looking man on the ear .
A man is leaning over and pulling something out of a bag .
The African American man protests against unlawful sex .
Man standing by a poster of religious beliefs .
A man in an apron holding a bowl .
Two large dogs , one light colored and one dark , running through snowy terrain .
There are two dogs in the snow and one has something in his mouth .
two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest .
Three gray dogs jump at a woman .
A band performing on stage while the crowd observes with there hands in the air .
Two doctors are working on a surgical procedure .
Musicians play guitar and brass instruments underneath a white roof .
There is a band on stage with band members wearing hints of blue .
Girl playing the trumpet in a marching band
A woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background .
A baby boy in a blue and white striped shirt is sitting on his mother 's shoulders .
A small group of people meeting together at a tree by water .
An older male is holding an infant while sitting down .
An older man holding a newborn baby .
A young girl with a dirty face and pink shirt lays her head on the chest of an older woman in coral .
A man with glasses is wearing a beer can crocheted hat .
A person in an orange jacket jumping in the air in the snow .
A man is grilling out in his backyard .
A man practices a martial arts pose .
The lone man in red sits outside of his blue door and windowed house contemplating about his thought .
A group of people are sitting in a restaurant with orange chairs .
A man and women sitting on the floor and the guy is having a drink .
Three college-age women sit in upholstered chairs .
A woman sitting on a lawn chair .
A lady with a white tank top holds a blue yard style cocktail cup with her black tank topped phone holding a phone .
A guy with a yellow outfit on standing behind a microphone under a tent .
A crowd is gathered in a large outdoor public space .
A guy explains something to his friend .
Two men converse along the sidewalk .
A group of mountain bikers race each other down a dirt hill .
A race dog 's feet dig in the mud as he makes his way around a curve .
Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track .
Two dogs on a wet , sandy track .
Dogs run at a dog racetrack .
A woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background .
A man in sunglasses is eating something while he has a girl on his lap .
A man eating a sandwich with his baby daughter in his lap .
a young woman is giving a baby a ride on her shoulders .
a black and white cat looking at a baby .
A woman in a black shirt is holding the hand of a gentleman in a suit and striped tie and laying her head on his shoulder while smiling .
Two men in white plastic chairs sitting in a doorway .
A man and women sitting on the floor and the guy is having a drink .
A woman reads a book while sitting in a row of red chairs .
A couple shares a kiss holding a bouquet .
Two men , dressed in business suits , wearing long black coats , sharing a blue plaid umbrella , standing against a graffiti painted brick wall .
A lady with tattoos is taking a picture of a painting with her smartphone .
Two young boys stand on a low cement wall facing each other in a marshy area .
A woman , in a teal tank top , holding a power drill .
Girl with tattoos looking a painting .
A black boy in orange and white trucks on playing in the sand .
A boy wearing red and white swimming trunks diving backwards in a beautiful pool .
Two boys are playing on the sidewalk .
A boy carrying a chunk of snow .
A child standing near a sand pyramid
A man jogging with his two thumbs up in the air , while making a funny face .
A man in a uniform walking on a street with two cars and a tree .
Three men standing around a car on a racetrack .
Three athletes holding bouquets stand on the victory podium .
A boy is leaning on a car with flowers on the hood .
There are several dogs in the field where the girl with the ponytail is sitting down .
The black dog runs with a ball with two smaller dogs behind it .
A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field .
Two dogs biting another dog in a field .
Four dogs stand in the snow .
A boy wearing an orange doritos shirt looks like he 's about to jump off of a piece of furniture .
The boy in the red hat and jacket is carrying a huge lump of snow .
A little boy chases ducks through the leaves .
A young smiling child holds his toy alligator up to the camera .
Two boys hanging off a tire dock .
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below .
A boy jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket
A young Asian man is jumping in the air , striking a martial arts pose .
Oriental man practicing his karate moves by the ocean .
Man building a sand castle .
A little boy is standing above a structure and watching the other boys play a game .
One little boy working hard in his martial arts class .
A blond boy is sitting in a stroller holding a Korean language book .
A black boy is sitting in the sand .
A deer jumps a fence .
A man in a green hard hat and yellow vest is looking down .
A man wearing a gray shirt , blue jeans and a neon green safety vest is standing on a railroad track with a white truck and a white building in the background .
A person in a bright yellow vest and hard hat is standing by the railroad tracks .
A town worker working on electrical equipment .
A person sitting on train tracks is selling food .
Two odd statue like costumes are being worn in a street , they are surrounded by others at what appears to be a festival .
A few oriental people with their clothing attire on in reds , greens , and golds standing on steps .
Spectators laugh as three people ride exercise balls down a field .
A circular piece of architecture is in this city .
Four men sit on the found in front of a church or synagogue .
One young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five adults in front of him , one operating a video camera .
A gymnast wearing red and white is mid-twirl on an uneven bar .
A man is taking a video of another man while a few others look on .
A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar .
A man stands next to three video machines .
A man wearing blue coveralls is handing a tool to another person .
A woman in a purple shirt and a woman wearing a hard hat are attached by harnesses to a pole .
A man in a work uniform passing a tool to another person .
Man in a blue jumpsuit attempts to repair an escalator .
A smiling athlete in a black and red helmet holding ski poles .
Two men wearing earmuffs inspect a racing car 's engine on an asphalt track .
Two persons in hooded coats on a street while a mini cooper car drives by .
Three men standing around a car on a racetrack .
A man in a green jacket is working on his tire .
A man in a green jacket working on a car .
An older gentleman , dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt , tosses a small red ball on the beach .
The little black and white dog is in the snow with a red ball .
A light brown dog is chasing after a ball .
A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow .
A tennis player strikes the ball .
A young girl with a dirty face and pink shirt lays her head on the chest of an older woman in coral .
A woman in a purple shirt and a woman wearing a hard hat are attached by harnesses to a pole .
A kid crosscountry skis wearing the number " 93 " .
A man in a blue bodysuit surfing .
The skier is on the snow .
A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence .
A group of children play together in a fenced yard as an adult watches .
Two children in a meadow standing on a little rock bridge over a creek .
A woman plays with finger puppets as a small child in a costume walks by .
Children play on a jungle gym .
A many in an orange t-shirt , tan shorts and tan and black baseball cap is moving a tall metal cart with sheets of pretzels that is surrounded by similar carts .
A technician in an orange vest and a hard hat removes cables from a work truck .
A person in a bright yellow vest and hard hat is standing by the railroad tracks .
An Asian man sits on the tracks with crates of peanuts .
A Heavy machine lifting up a worker .
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio "
A child is jumping into an inflatable swimming pool .
A young woman with a purple cloth hiding her face relaxes on a wooden deck .
A little girl balances on a gymnastics beam .
a young girl swimming in a pool
The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole .
Dog standing in grass playing with green flying disc
A shaggy dog runs in front of three people on the beach .
A medium sized dog is jumping to get a stick .
A dog in a field with a Frisbee .
A man in a black hat and blue shirt taking a picture on the side of an urban street .
A woman acts out a dramatic scene in public behind yellow caution tape .
A dude is wearing gloves while doing laundry .
Two people are spending good time in their boat .
Men spot welding on a the sidewalk of a city street .
A woman with a blue shirt is putting something in her mouth .
A brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other .
A baby is laying on a pillow wearing Christmas pajamas .
this is a mirrored ceiling in a cafeteria .
A woman in a blue shirt in the wild .
Three women in bright colors and headdresses are holding love message cards .
A woman is standing on the deck of a boat while holding a weight .
A boater pulls a weight on a rope out of the water .
A man and a woman on stage at an outdoor venue .
A blond woman holding a white statue .
A man wearing bathing trunks is parasailing in the water .
A man on a zip line being propelled through the water .
A guy waterskiing behind a boat .
A boy aiming his gun at a target .
The boy is outside enjoying a summer day .
A man is sitting on a bench in front of a large white building .
Children sitting on a bench eating something out of a small cup .
A woman is sitting on a bench next to a person in a wheelchair .
A man listening to music on a park bench .
A group of people and a headless , legless mannequin are in a park .
A boy and girl ride in the front of a small train labeled " Mississippi Train " .
Three firefighters enraged after a prank call .
A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop waiting for a bus .
A policeman is on a bike waiting for the light to change .
A band prepares as they stand on a platform .
A woman smiles as she skis , wearing a white winter hat , a white coat , and a blue hoodie , while snow is in the background .
A woman wearing a white shirt works out on an elliptical machine .
A boater pulls a weight on a rope out of the water .
Three women in elaborate costumes hold up " I Love You " cards .
A male tennis player holding his tennis racket .
These children are gathered together writing notes related to a field trip .
Two children are in a grassy area near two horses .
A middle-aged woman wearing a white shirt talking as she shows a small child in yellow how the toys work .
A woman does a somersault on a trampoline on the beach .
2 kids talk to the horses .
Two horse racing jockeys , one in checkered blue and red and the other in orange and brown , are racing against a blurry background .
A couple sits on a motorcycle , in front of a group of other motorcyclists .
A man on a cart encourages his mule to keep pulling .
Two men ride on a rural road in a flatbed vehicle pulled by two horses .
A man is being pulled by a donkey .
A woman in a pink sweatshirts holds a bouquet of balloons while sitting on a folding chair .
A woman is standing on the deck of a boat while holding a weight .
A male and female singing a song together outside .
Woman on a fitness machine in an untidy house .
A woman exercises on an elliptical machine .
A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave on a white surfboard .
A man with glasses is wearing a beer can crocheted hat .
Two men is separate canoes are in an area full of lillypads .
Three men are dress up with some colors of blue , orange and white .
A police woman smiling and wearing sunglasses and a hat .
A woman and little boy are smiling and the child is tasting something on a long wooden spoon .
The boys are having fun jumping off the bridge into the water .
A person holding a fishing pole next to the water .
A man on a rocky beach , wearing a black bathing suit , staring at the water .
A man and two children are planting a tree .
A woman wearing headphones enjoys her coffee while writing on a notepad .
A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .
A little girl reaches over to brush a goat .
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl .
The girl loves her pink dress .
A woman pounding something with a rock , with a guinea pig in the background .
An oriental person in a red shirt and black pants crouching over a purse on concrete .
A girl dressed in black is posing for the camera .
A woman in a black shirt is knitting with purple yarn .
A woman in jeans walks by a bus with an ad depicting a woman peering over her sunglasses .
A drunken woman in a blue dress , black tights , and black leather pumps , laying on a couch , smoking a cigarette , laughing .
A lady sitting on the couch in front of a large set of windows reading .
A woman sitting on her couch , by the front windows , reading a book .
A woman wearing a sweater is reading a book in her home .
An old man is sitting alone on a couch and sleeping .
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow .
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
a great Dane climbing a steep hill
A white dog is walking on top of a mountain .
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
A man watches eagerly as his black dog leaps into the water .
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
A dog crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree .
A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A man in a red shirt and blue pants is going into a building while a dog watches him .
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt and dried leaves
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle .
a doggy runs in the dry grass .
A black dog springs up into a pool .
An old women in pink and wearing hat is squeezing her eyes while looking at something .
A woman is sitting on the steps looking at a collection of trinkets .
An older woman is standing wearing a pink shirt and a hat .
A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog .
Women in store happily holding some food .
The woman is blowing the pods off a flower in a green field .
A red-haired woman in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree .
A woman in the red jacket is holding two multicolored ribbons .
Two little boys in polos , are holding a black lab .
Someone looking at a mass of people in the street .
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence .
A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth .
A beige dog runs behind a white dog holding a yellow toy .
A young child has a popsicle stick in his mouth .
A dog running though a grassy field .
a black dog with a blue tag running on a beach
A gray dog walks in the green grass , tongue hanging out .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
Two dogs are playing outside .
A dog lies on the ground .
A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out .
A black dog bites at a stream of water on the grass .
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
Two dogs are playing outside .
A woman walking up some stairs .
A lone man standing a rock shore looking downward at a inland body of water with a blue ocean or other large body of water behind him extending into the horizon of a blue sky .
A shirtless man in shorts is fishing while standing on some rocks .
A man throws a net off of a boat while children watch .
The children are playing a game of checkers .
Children playing checkers .
An older man who appears to be in his sixty 's , seems to be doing some type of magical form of play with three children and an adult female , being his targeted group .
In this photo there is a family of four dashing across a busy street in the city .
Man walking , smoking a cigarette on urban street wiping his nose while passing by a newsstand .
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance .
A man in costume is ringing a bell .
Two women looking at an Asian decoration that looks like a collage .
Two people standing next to a tree on the ground .
a group of people all joking around
A group of men standing on a field of black balls .
People on laptops in front pf a large window .
A man in a brown jacket holding a red bag is speaking to another man with a white beard and green cap .
A woman looks on as a man with folded arms is talking .
A man dressed in yellow is speaking on the microphone .
Chinese male on his cellphone walking through the alley .
A lady in the kitchen is pouring wine .
A man in a white shirt playing a white guitar standing in front of a microphone with the light casting a somewhat reddish hue on his shirt
A group of musicians plays outdoors with an open guitar case in front of them .
Two upright bass players performing as a part of an orchestra .
Man plays a strange looking string instrument .
A man and a woman sitting next to a black fence talking .
Two soccer players on different teams collide in midair while jumping towards the ball .
A soccer player in a yellow jersey is standing alone on the field .
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field .
A man with a number 3 soccer uniform kicking a soccer ball .
A soccer match being played .
A man in a green t-shirts holds his sneakers while walking alone down a beach .
A man wearing jeans and sunglasses operating a front-loader that is filled with dirt .
Man wearing red uniform holding a black hat in the air with his right hand .
A man pounds on an artwork perched on a cart .
A man in an apron holding a bowl .
A man watches eagerly as his black dog leaps into the water .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A dog crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree .
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
A man walking into s foreign building .
Two young men walk toward the camera , with the redheaded man on the left turning his head to look back at three women in the background who are walking away in the other direction .
Two children standing at the edge of a pool are holding hands while facing other swimmers .
Two children play on the street outside an old building .
A young man wearing a blue jacket is turning his head .
A girl shows her camera to other girls .
A man , wearing black jeans and a gray shirt , stands in the front of a classroom writing on a chalkboard .
This man bravely cuts down trees on the job .
A bald man in a monastery with pigeons and brightly colored hangings .
A clerk in a convenience store asks a customer buying alcohol for his age and identification .
A British military man is raising his hat .
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below .
A group of young teenagers are jumping at night making funny poses for the camera .
A child jumping on a tennis court .
Oriental man practicing his karate moves by the ocean .
A child splashes in water .
For people in black pants and white martial arts shirts with belts hold a pose with both arms raised while three casually dressed me look on from a door on the left .
A person wearing blue rubber gloves is loading a syringe with vegetables .
A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .
Man in a blue shirt practicing karate .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table .
Several ladies gathered around a table engaged in an electronics project
Some young adults are sitting outside on a patio talking .
Two men sitting in a restaurant .
Seniors gathered around a table .
A young boy , dressed in a gray and blue baseball uniform , preparing to hit the ball off of the t-ball stand while onlookers watch from behind a chain link fence .
A baseball player in a black shirt just tagged a player in a white shirt .
An older man with a cigarette in his mouth and a ball cap inspects his camera .
Three players bring a team opponent to the ground .
A man throws a pitch during a baseball game .
A man in a black hooded jacket stands next to a tree and plays a wind instrument .
A man is standing on a stone structure with his arms out like a bird .
A man in a green shirt playing the trombone .
Man standing by a poster of religious beliefs .
A muscular man in yellow pants .
A group of mountain bikers race each other down a dirt hill .
Two cars , one red and one blue , race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch .
Two cars are racing on a track while the audience watches from behind a fence .
Two dogs on a wet , sandy track .
A greyhound racing .
A man in a black leather jacket and blue jeans standing in front of a sign by Architects & Engineers that says " 9-11 was an inside job . "
A young man in a striped shirt plays rugby .
One man holds another man 's head down and prepares to punch him in the face .
A man in brown building a raft .
A muscular man in yellow pants .
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .
A brown dog with a brown collar digs sand .
A brown dog is digging in the dirt .
A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog .
Two dogs , one with mouth open .
There is a bunch of tourists standing around on the grass and looking at some old ruins .
A group of workers sitting in a field take a break from work .
Three men , one on a ladder , work on a roof .
A male and female watching something interesting .
People walking up a narrow set of wooden stairs .
A black dog is running across the grass carrying something in its mouth .
A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
a dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth .
A puppy has a stick in its mouth .
A man in a brown shirt and glasses plays a guitar and sings into a microphone .
Two guys performing rock concert , one has short blond-hair who is singing , and the second has long blond-hair and is jamming out on his guitar .
A woman sings in a club with a guitarist behind her .
A man on stage next to a microphone .
A man performs on the keyboard .
Woman in orange jacket is sitting crossed legged on a bench while woman in blue is leaning against the glass .
People sit on a bench in a city square with random objects including a lamp and a dressmakers form standing nearby .
Man holds his face in his palm sitting on a bench .
Two adults and two children pose on a park bench .
People waiting at a bus stop .
A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier .
A man playing a guitar in the fog around other musical instruments on stage .
Two ladies play the violin and the guitar on the street to entertain the passer byes .
A man on stage next to a microphone .
A young man in glasses sings and plays guitar .
Three women in bright colors and headdresses are holding love message cards .
Three women in costume are holding papers that say " I love you " .
A bride poses on a boardwalk while her bridal party stands behind her .
A woman is skying in a snowy area wearing warm clothing .
A woman exercises on an elliptical machine .
A man in a green t-shirts holds his sneakers while walking alone down a beach .
The man in the green t-shirt has his feet up whilst talking on a cellphone .
A man with glasses and a beard sitting in the grass .
A man in brown building a raft .
A man cutting branches of trees .
A young girl in a blue skirt is propping herself up on bars of a metal structure outside .
Two ladies and a little girl in her pajamas opening gifts
Woman and child outside the front door of their scenic home .
A young girl sitting on a wooden chair .
A girl sitting on a chair backwards .
A black dress mannequin , with a wooden leg stand , positioned next to a suitcase , and a female dressed in a gray sweater and black pants , reading a newspaper , in a crowded city square .
Children sitting on a bench eating something out of a small cup .
There is a man , woman and two boys sitting on a bench .
A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog .
a man is sitting by the sidewalk .
A blond woman in a leather jacket is sitting outside with a man in a blue and red jacket , and there is a dog between them .
A black dog bites at a stream of water on the grass .
A black and brown dog running outside .
A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore .
A black and white dog is playing with a white ball .
A man , dressed in bright blue jeans and a plaid shirt , mows a shaggy green lawn in his cozy suburban front yard .
A brown-haired man in a green shirt plays a trumpet outdoors .
A man in an electric scooter and bare feet is looking into a crowd of people .
A man holding a remote controlled airplane .
A middle-aged male is holding a spotlight .
Children play in the dark water fountain near the white triumphal arch while adults sit on the steps .
Open , scatteredly placed umbrellas , fill an exit to a room with black trim doors while a blurry individual looks directly into the camera .
A girl is drinking from a drinking fountain .
Two young girls dressed in pink reach into wishing fountain at mall .
people get their slushies .
An oriental woman wearing a hat riding down the street on a bicycle .
A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend on a dirt track .
A group of Asian students in their uniforms .
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods .
Many people outside on bicycles .
The two dogs , one with a tennis ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
Two black dogs , a black puppy , and a white dog in the snow .
A girl in a gray shirt and brown hair relaxes on the lawn as dogs bound around her .
A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park .
two dogs playing with a ball .
A woman wearing a black and white shirt , glasses and has a ring on her right hand , is smiling , while sitting on what appears to be a sofa with a blanket throw on the back of it .
A couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
A woman in brown and a man in gray look at the camera .
A newlywed couple speak with guests at their wedding .
Two guys and a girl smiling .
In foreground , a woman in pink jeans is helping a child in a heart t-shirt to skate , while cyclists and others walk in background with palm trees .
A little girl is riding on a man 's shoulders as they walk behind a scarf-clad woman with a big purse .
Two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset .
A man is sitting in the snow watching as a group of people are walking by .
Three hikers a traversing a trail as a young lady inspects her camera .
A woman on a boat named " El Corazon " drops black weights into the water .
A woman wearing a white shirt works out on an elliptical machine .
A young woman in a fashionable tennis outfit between volleys .
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .
A group of people attending an event .
A policeman looking away from the camera with a couple cars , other policemen , and other people in the background all in front of a building .
Four men , three of whom are wearing prayer caps , are sitting on a blue and olive green patterned mat .
Some nature hikers stop to examine a log along the path .
Two people at the top of a mountain .
A boy stands with three girls .
A woman wearing sunglasses , white shorts and gray t-shirt is walking her dog and talking to another woman pushing a stroller .
A woman is standing in a green field holding a white dog and pointing at a brown dog .
A man is dressed in a costume in front of several goats .
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A dog is walking along a snowy surface .
A man in a yellow jacket with the number twelve on his back uses a rod to pull a horse , as people behind a Bud Light sign watch .
A jockey with a red helmet is riding a white horse , and a jockey with an orange helmet is riding a brown horse .
On horseback a man attempts to rope a young bull .
A woman in a red shirt and black pants riding a white horse on brown grass .
A horse and dog look at each other in a field .
A man in a yellow coat is on a blue industrial crane working on the side of a tall building .
A man in a green hard hat and yellow safety vest frowns .
A woman in a brown vest is working on the computer .
A man in a vest is sitting in a chair and holding magazines .
A man standing in a yellow jacket .
A man in an orange vest and yellow hard hat looks on as a yellow vehicle lays track .
A woman wearing a yellow sweater and red vest working at a computer .
Some type of snack food being eaten at what appears to be a railroad site .
A worker in a yellow vest stands on train tracks .
Men working on the railway lines .
Three construction workers stand at the front of a large group of people all wearing white shirts .
Two construction workers are laying sheet metal across beams .
Two construction workmen wearing hard hats work on a window .
Construction workers picketing against PM Construction Services .
A man working in the ground in the dirt looking away .
A Thai Buddhist temple is the center of commerce , widely dominated by telephone wires and oncoming traffic .
A little girl is riding on a man 's shoulders as they walk behind a scarf-clad woman with a big purse .
The ladies who went shopping are walking past the restaurant .
A woman in black has a little girl in a yellow dress on her shoulders .
A man in a red shirt walking down a city street .
A woman in a white button up shirt is holding a rope and smiling .
A man in a brown shirt and a woman in a white tank top singing into their microphones .
Two young boys playing a game on a log while other kids look on .
A woman in white clothing is holding a rope .
A black man and white woman sing together .
An older man dressed in jeans and a puffy dark jacket plays the accordion , seated in front of a stone wall .
An old man sits outside with his guitar , watching an younger generation pass by .
A woman sings in a club with a guitarist behind her .
Two women on the street , one is playing the guitar and the other is playing violin .
A band performs in a dimly lit setting .
A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence .
A group of children are sitting and standing in a building with a red floor .
A group of children playing in a yard , a man in the background .
A woman in a red shirt sitting with two young girls in dresses .
Children sitting and writing .
Two workers wearing bright protective overcoats , shovel snow out of the way of passing residents .
A man and a woman work in a field , both wearing large hats .
Two workers in sunhats are bent over in a rice paddy .
Men shoveling snow on a sidewalk in a city .
Several workers wearing hard hats dig a hole .
A group of young people take shots in a Mexican setting .
Many fishermen are trying to drag a boat to the shore from the sea .
Five people gather around a pile of potatoes and collect some to put into bags .
A guard is on the look out while on duty .
A dance group performs in a parade in china .
Several older men , some in traditional headdress convene on a street corner .
A man is standing in front of a classroom full of students teaching about Brazil
Five people wearing winter clothing , helmets , and ski goggles stand outside in the snow .
A group of village women gathered in dance
Four men sit on the found in front of a church or synagogue .
A man wearing jeans and boots is jumping into the air with a white sandy hill below him , and a blue cloudless sky behind him .
a young child wearing green boots playing in a mud puddle
A man in a gray shirt jumps over the top of a sand dune in the desert .
A man is at the beach making a sand sculpture .
The boy is jumping in the air .
a man in a striped blue shirt and a balloon hat is making other balloon animals
A person rappelling a cliff above a body of water .
A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .
A man is grilling out in his backyard .
a man with glasses typing on the computer
A man and a woman walk around a corner next to a painted wall mural depicting children .
A child in blue and a child in white stand on a short concrete wall by a stream .
A woman working on a painting of a young woman on a wall with tan skin .
The woman in the tan suit is speaking at the pedestal .
two men in black holding an umbrella in the street .
A man in a laboratory coat looking into the lenses of a microscope .
A boy and a woman in a white shawl working with plant products underneath a tree .
A child wearing Crocs sits on a swing in a wooded area .
A young boy with a red jacket fell from his sled in the snow .
Two people and a leashed cow at a home .
Native Americans are dressed up in native clothing and are participating in an activity together .
Two doctors are working on a surgical procedure .
There are musicians performing fro a small group of people .
A tribal performance of dance and song of three individuals .
A string quartet dazzles their audience .
A person with a scarf over their head and a boy in a black t-shirt looking at what appear to be olives in a pile on a tarp on the ground .
A boy and a woman in a white shawl working with plant products underneath a tree .
Boy with red shoes looks through a viewer to see farther .
A scientist looking through a microscope in a lab .
The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on .
A Young African American boy wearing a blue baseball cap gazes through a telescope intently while another young boy waits behind him .
A man in army fatigues is reading something while laying on the floor .
The soldier looks out the window as he sits with his legs crossed .
A woman in a red jacket and blue jeans is sitting in front of a red arch .
A girl in a red sweater sitting in an archway .
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim .
A smiling young boy plays in the leaves among the ducks .
A guy is jumping and grabbing his foot with a house in the background .
Boy in red shirt and black shorts sweeps driveway .
A child leaping toward a red bed .
A woman in a pink sweatshirts holds a bouquet of balloons while sitting on a folding chair .
An Asian woman in a floral wedding dress poses on a bridge close to her bridesmaids .
A blond child jumping rope on a sidewalk .
A woman in white marriage dress poses with Flowers in her hand
A smiling man is holding a tool .
A person with a scarf over their head and a boy in a black t-shirt looking at what appear to be olives in a pile on a tarp on the ground .
A young boy wearing a blue hat is looking through a telescope while another boy watches .
A man in a yellow coat tends a fire , a boy in a parka watches .
Two people looking a piece of paper standing on concrete .
A girl in a red sweater sitting in an archway .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress is lying on the floor crying .
Older women and younger girl are opening presents up .
A family opening up their Christmas presents .
A woman with neon headphones writes in a notebook .
A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .
A crowd of people sitting at picnic tables in front of a brick , historic-looking building .
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
Four females are doing some crafts activity .
Three men sit outside of a cafe .
A man in a black shirt next to a laptop and in front of a screen is looking off to the side .
An African American man surrounded by empty overturned white buckets and dark colored crates expresses himself through a message handwritten on cardboard .
A homeless man holding a sign surrounded by buckets and crates .
A young man with long hair practices skateboarding .
A man is sitting down with black gloves on his hands .
A woman in a cowboy hat walks followed by a man in a blue baseball cap , a boy in a blue t-short and a woman in a green top .
A man and a woman are sorting through laundry with latex gloves on .
A person with a purple head covering and purple shirt is standing outside a restaurant .
A man strolls down a sidewalk , holding an orange bag .
Two men and a lady are standing outside .
A small girl in a bathing suit jumps above a kiddie pool .
Two ladies and a little girl in her pajamas opening gifts
an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
Girl listening to purple headphones at a coffee shop
Young girl rollerblading with safety gear .
a small black and white dog running on the beach with several people in the background
a brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods .
The wet brown dog is running in the water .
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .
A black , brown and white dog with his tongue out is in the snow
The wet brown dog is running in the water .
a black and white dog is jumping fences in a dog show .
A dog is playing in water on a beach .
A woman with pink hair on a street corner holds two dogs that have been dyed pink .
One dog leaps to catch a softball while another looks on .
Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass .
The woman and three dogs are in a field .
Three dogs affectionately playing
An Asian man is cooking several meat on a stick .
a chinese man sitting down waiting for customers .
An Asian man is cooking food outdoors .
A woman is cooking with a large pot .
A woman in a white blouse is working in a restaurant .
One man in a hooded sweatshirt picking up articles of clothing while a woman in a blue shirt looks on .
A man in a brown coat , with a fancy scarf , waits next to a woman and a man wearing headphones .
Man walking , smoking a cigarette on urban street wiping his nose while passing by a newsstand .
Woman with a surprised face in front of a Vitamin Shoppe
Two people , dressed in red , dancing .
A shirtless man is fishing , standing on large rocks that rest next to a boardwalk with a tall lamp post in the forefront .
A shirtless man in shorts is fishing while standing on some rocks .
A clown takes the time to greet children attending a performance .
This man holds a fish while two little girls stand to either side of him .
A cowboy wrapping up his arm with a bandage .
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
A German shepherd is showing its teeth as it growls at another German shepherd .
Two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs .
Two German sheperds snarling at each other .
Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting .
The winners 1st , 2nd , and 3rd of a event posing for a picture each holding flowers .
The men who won first , second , and third place of a bicycle race .
Hatchback red car racing around the track ahead of two trailing pray .
Several men standing around an antique race car
Two cars are on a racetrack .
Two men are barbecuing their food while another prepares the meat .
A young boy , wearing a chef 's hat and apron , is cutting sausages in a kitchen .
A man grilling meat on an outdoor grilling pit .
a boy in an over-sized chef hat and apron , cutting sausages in the kitchen .
A man in a white shirt is holding a flaming pot .
A lady standing in front of a lot of elementary school aged children who are sitting on the floor .
Three boys are playing with sponges and buckets of water .
A group of children playing in a yard , a man in the background .
Elementary school students play tug-of-war .
A family walks through a park .
The man with sunglasses and a striped shirt is walking down the street with three cases of beer .
A picture of five people at a bar with a closeup on the beer taps .
Young man carrying boxes of beer down the street .
A curly-haired man carrying drinks .
Man playing slots in a casino .
A man in a black , white , and red uniform is holding yellow ski poles and racing or preparing to race .
A man in an orange hard hat and orange jumpsuit is about to grab onto a large blue hose .
Two friends happily cheer each other at a restaurant .
People are in a room practicing a martial art .
A man is making balloon animals outside .
A male and female are holding hands and - walking down a winding walkway on a sunny day .
A large crowd of people walking while being controlled by officers among them .
A crowd of people walking in the street of a city .
An old man with an umbrella and cane walking down the street
Three hikers a traversing a trail as a young lady inspects her camera .
Three people are in a field picking something , and one of them has a big hat with a red bow .
Someone in a white shirt yelling through a mega phone to a crowd of people .
Some nature hikers stop to examine a log along the path .
Two men are in the woods one is looking at a log .
A group of asians smiling and eating .
A little girl is standing outside ready to brush the black goat 's coat .
Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it .
A little girl wearing pink is holding on to a bar .
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum .
A girl breaking boards by using karate .
Several men are sitting on their motorcycles wearing a red shirt with a black vest and black hat .
Two African american females ride on a moped down a city street that appears to be in a well congested area of a large city area .
A person in a red shirt squats down in the street .
A woman holding onto a camera smiling at the camera .
Two women riding on a vespa , sadly only one is enjoying herself .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
A little child is in full ski gear while standing on the snow .
Woman and child outside the front door of their scenic home .
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum .
The blond girl is dancing inside a house .
A dog is up on its backlegs trying OT catch a ball above its head .
The large gray colored dog is jumping on the beach .
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee .
a black and white dog is jumping fences in a dog show .
A dog is walking along a snowy surface .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A white duck spreads its wings while in the water .
A smiling young girl swimming in a lake or river that has murky water .
A small child with a distended stomach stands alone .
A little boy is kneeling looking at his yellow shovel
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .
A black dog bites at a stream of water on the grass .
A black dog is being squirted with a jet of water .
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop .
A black dog springs up into a pool .
A woman in a fiery red dress and a man in a suit dance seductively together .
A older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell on a street .
There is a lady in a pink coat standing on street with a comical surprised look on her face .
A person in a bandanna stands on the street in front his things .
A high class woman kissing a man .
Two race cars , one red and one blue , are driving side by side down a racetrack while being watched by several onlookers .
Four muzzled black and white dogs racing over a jump .
Dogs with muzzles are racing around a sandy track .
Four dogs race around a turn .
dogs racing
A man with a white shirt with his mouth open wide and turning buttons .
A store with pokemon items and pokemon balls in front of the registers .
A man carrying a large stack of metal poles over his shoulder .
A man in a black shirt is standing in line with his luggage .
Tattooed couple in green at the grocery checkout .
A man in a white shirt and black pants is playing a large brown instrument .
A man with short dreads , and solemn expression , playing guitar .
An elderly man sitting outside on a chair with a guitar next to him .
A teenage girl is carrying a guitar in the woods .
A man performs on the keyboard .
man standing at a counter in a convenience store with a woman on the other side of the counter wearing a white shirt looking at him very expectantly .
A black man leans over as a white man jumps on his back backwards .
A man is working on his wooden boat .
A man in dressy clothes instructed a captain near a large truck .
Two people play outdoors .
Two men in the US Army are in uniform and talking with another woman , who is wearing a black sweater with a purse inside of what looks like a conference room .
A man listens to his cellphone while watching another man in sunglasses .
A blond-haired woman is pouring drinks at a bar .
A girl in a green shirt talking on a cellphone .
A guy and a girl having a conversation .
A drag race car being worked on by 3 people on a track
A male runner with a number pinned to his shorts gives the thumbs-up .
Three men standing around a car on a racetrack .
A man giving two thumbs up as he runs a race .
Pit crew working on a race car .
Several children are practicing martial arts moves in a room with a red floor .
Some children are outside playing in the dirt where two trees are .
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym .
The two kids are playing at the playground .
Two young boys play together at a park .
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent .
A man in a black shirt uses a yellow bulldozer .
A man operating a large yellow bulldozer .
A man is using electronic equipment .
A muscular man in yellow pants .
Two young boys sitting on a sunlit floor smiling and holding a black lab puppy .
A woman in a grassy field blows on a dandelion .
a man wearing leather pants , a leather vest and a cowboy hat is standing here .
A group of men in red and black jackets waits on motorcycles .
An Asian woman is making a snow angel .
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
A young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock .
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
Young woman climbing rock face
three people sit in a cave .
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .
a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth .
A blond toddler is shown in closeup chewing on a popsicle stick .
A dog carries a very big stick through the water .
A Boston terrier is running in the grass .
A man in a blue shirt rides a skateboard along a railing not far from a brick wall .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
a young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding on a graffitied wall
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track .
A man jumping onto a platform .
A young boy is either jumping on a trampoline or skateboarding and he is serious about it on a beautiful summer day .
A kid with white shirt and gray shorts and croc shoes is playing with a yo-yo
A young boy plays in the water with the mountains in the background .
A boy in an orange shirt is pouring Legos from a bag .
White duck flapping its wings in the water .
On a rainy day , near a river , many people are standing with umbrellas and raincoats near a fountain that features a central stone statue while others stand in line .
two females in a sitting down in a highly populated area .
Two guys getting a drink at a store counter .
Two boys in front of a soda machine .
A girl drinking from a water fountain .
A female gymnast , captured in midair during a jump .
Two men participate in a recreation of a medieval sword fight while a crowd watches .
Ballet dancers on toe wear golden long dresses and hold golden flags .
A musical act wearing clown makeup is performing with a guitar .
Four women in yellow dresses are performing a ballet .
A man smiles , while clinking ale bottles , with an unseen person , at a public establishment .
A man with glasses is wearing a beer can crocheted hat .
Two women ascend a telephone pole with special boots and straps on their waists .
A man in a karate is performing in front of two judges .
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill .
A father and daughter holding a young tree upright , ready to be planted , as the son stands to their side wielding a shovel .
A young Caucasian child and another adult lady are playing with a house made out of Legos .
A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm , getting ready for his ride .
A solitary fisherman stands along a riverbank .
This is a clown at an elementary school .
A large black dog and a large yellow dog appear to be playing with a soccer ball .
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water .
A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog in a grassy yard .
A light brown dog is running up .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A man with a gray jacket on that has a red and black stripe on the sleeve at a shooting range with multiple targets .
This is a young boy looking to be jumping on the trampoline in a very beautiful neighborhood .
white bird sitting in water spreading its wings
a kid is walking down the sidewalk with a few American flags .
A boy in a red shirt walking with American flags .
A middle-aged man with a backpack playfully pretends to box with younger child who does not look phased .
A man with a hat is playing the drum in the street .
A man with long hair is skateboarding in a skate park surrounded by houses .
A man in a black shirt prepares to play the drum .
A long-haired male skateboarding .
Two boys wearing red jackets are digging shovels into the dirt , the smaller boy in the yellow boots has a mohawk .
Two children are in a grassy area near two horses .
A group of children playing in a yard , a man in the background .
Two people dig with shovels at a playground by the ocean .
A woman playing a harp .
Circus performer gesturing upward while hold a dog between his legs , with a man and two goats in the background .
The large gray colored dog is jumping on the beach .
A dog chases another by a tree .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A man wearing a green t-shirt sits with his legs on a ledge and talks on the phone .
A man in light colored clothing photographs a group of men wearing dark suits and hats standing around a woman dressed in a strapless gown .
An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel .
A man working on a ticket machine as two women stand near .
A man is swinging a tool at his sculpture .
A young man with a denim jacket and writing on his hand smiles in front of a bookcase full of videos .
A man with a beard and glasses sits in the grass next to a pine tree .
A photographer takes a picture of a group of one girl in a pink dress and 10 boys in suits and hats .
A man is bent over working outside under red green and yellow flags .
A man packs up his toy airplane .
A woman is playing with two children on a seesaw in a playground .
A large group of kids sitting on the floor listening to a lady in a blue dress .
Two children in a meadow standing on a little rock bridge over a creek .
Two people dig with shovels at a playground by the ocean .
An adult performing a finger puppet show with a young child in a costume .
Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass .
A boy in a blue shirt hanging on a rack of clothes .
A boy with a red shirt walking on a sidewalk holding American flags .
A young smiling child holds his toy alligator up to the camera .
A young boy is holding a tennis racket .
Two brown and white dogs play roughly in a clearing of a wooded area .
A woman with pink hair bent down on the sidewalk holding to pink dogs .
Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth .
A man is throwing a log into a waterway while two dogs watch .
Four dogs stand in the snow .
Couples are dancing in a courtyard with a rough stone wall backing and a large brown building in the background .
A few oriental people with their clothing attire on in reds , greens , and golds standing on steps .
Two people are standing around in front of an inflated blob machine .
An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background .
a group of young men and women push a boat to shore .
The two dogs , one with a tennis ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
two dogs jump in a snowy field with snowcapped rocks in the background
Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth .
A woman with pink hair poses on a street corner with two pink dogs .
A woman poses with a smile with two pink puppies at her hand .
A man in a black shirt and white pants swinging a baseball bat , with a baseball team and spectators in the background .
A small boy wearing baseball regalia holds a bat behind his head with a baseball mounted in front of him .
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat .
A woman runs after making a hit in women 's softball , the catcher rises to her feet .
A baseball catcher trying to tag a base runner in a baseball game .
A red vehicle is being reflected in a store window while two casually dressed middle-aged men walk and converse .
People enjoying a festival while having drinks and taking pictures on the cellphone .
Two man sit and chat on a stone lanai surrounded by plants .
A woman with a tag is pouring red wine in a glass
A man is drinking out of a yellow cup .
A Chinese man inside a restaurant waiting for people to enter .
Woman who just took pizza out of the oven and ca n't wait to eat it .
A man with a mustache and beard is holding a frying pan that has flames rising from it .
An Asian man is cooking eggs in a pan outside while a woman watches .
A man in a white shirt is holding a flaming pot .
A brown dog with white paws is trotting through a field of green grass .
A dog is jumping over a stream of water on a sandy beach .
A small dog jumps over a striped gate .
A brown dog is walking on the grass .
A dog leaping over a hurdle .
Three surgeons operate on a patient while wearing magnifying lenses on their safety glasses .
A musical concert with a large number of people .
A young gymnast performs for an audience .
A group of young adults singing in a choir .
band doing a concert for people
a topless boy with long hair who is drenched in water , is flexing his muscles whilst smiling .
A child wearing a yellow Doritos shirt jumps up while another child is seen in the background .
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people .
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake .
White duck flapping its wings in the water .
Man running wearing a blue shirt with a number taped to it .
A young woman wearing pink and blue is performing gymnastic feats while twirling a ribbon .
A woman in a purple bikini sunbathes on a towel beside water .
Water splashing up against something .
two males playing volleyball on the beach .
A man in a t-shirt is standing with his hands on some type of instrument with a lot of buttons on it , with fake fog in the background .
A man in light colored clothing photographs a group of men wearing dark suits and hats standing around a woman dressed in a strapless gown .
There is a man with yellow pants and a man with black pants .
A young man and women near a large metal sculpture
A man carrying steel beams across a lumberyard .
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle .
A girl with a striped shirt is sitting on a bicycle .
A man wearing a white and blue striped shirt stands outside .
Man in a red shirt riding a trick bicycle on only the rear wheel .
A father showing his son something on paper .
A young girl wades out into the water wearing safety floatation devices on her arms .
A young girl with curly blond-hair and wearing a white top lies in the grass , holding a flower stem .
A kid in a black shirt on a tennis court running with a dark green background .
a girl on a swimsuit stretching her leg next to the beach
Woman doing yoga on a beach .
A man sits on a bench holding his dog and looking at the water .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket and a hat sits on a park bench
An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench .
Two young women discuss something while waiting .
a man is sitting by the sidewalk .
Two men , dressed in business suits , wearing long black coats , sharing a blue plaid umbrella , standing against a graffiti painted brick wall .
The woman wearing a blue shirt sits in front of a brick wall .
A woman doing a high jump at an Olympic meet .
A woman , in a teal tank top , holding a power drill .
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
A female police officer , wearing an officer 's hat and sunglasses , stands in uniform in front of a window-lined street block .
A judo player in white attempts to submit a judo player in blue while on a yellow and red mat .
A man smiles for the camera as he watches his friend work on a television beside him .
Three men are dress up with some colors of blue , orange and white .
A man kicking a workout bag .
A toddler grasping the handle of a tool to stir food in a bowl along with another person whose arms are seen holding the bowl and tool .
A naked baby makes a face while helping someone stir food
Men in casual attire browsing an outdoor fish market .
The woman is at marketplace buying fish from an Arabic person .
Several birds flying in front of trees .
A young boy , playing soccer , is wearing a green jersey and black shorts and has his face buried in his hands .
Number 3 at a soccer game is looking to see where to put the ball back into play from the sideline .
Four people are playing soccer on a beach .
Several football players on a field in action .
Two fans are cheering at a sporting event .
A group of young people actively jumping into the air with arms up and outward in different directions with legs bent and extended to positions of motion .
a young child wearing green boots playing in a mud puddle
Two kids run through gray sand .
Two young children are on sand .
A child splashes in water .
Little boy wearing a dark blue shirt and yellow shorts playing with a soccer ball in grass .
A guy dressed in a white uniform with a number 3 on it playing soccer .
Players in yellow jerseys are on the field .
A group of people playing on a beach .
Some boys playing soccer in the sand
Two men wearing orange robes and sandals are standing in front of the Bean in Millenium Park , Chicago .
Five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow , with snowmobiles in the background .
A group of young female musicians are wearing black skirts and blue shirts .
A crowd is present at a bar .
A building is getting demolished .
A man on inline skates does a trick on a cracked concrete ramp .
A skateboarding young man 's soaring over rails , while city setting behind him looks so still .
A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track .
A long-haired young man skateboarding on the rails on a cloudy day .
A boy with white shorts on leaping into a pong , foliage in the background highlights his skin tone .
A small child wearing a blue and white t-shirt happily holding a yellow plastic alligator .
A little boy in a striped shirt and jeans is running .
What is this ecstatic child running towards ?
A boy plays in the sand .
A group of people in white shirts stand on a grass pitch covered with many dark balls .
While visiting the Mayan ruins , a guide points in the direction of more attractions .
Three men , one on a ladder , work on a roof .
Seven people are outside listening to a man playing his instrument .
A group of asians smiling and eating .
A woman lounges on a towel in front of people enjoying the blue water .
A surfer who fell off his surfboard in the ocean while trying to ride a wave .
Young boy running in the dirt with a small handheld shovel .
a girl on a swimsuit stretching her leg next to the beach
A little girl is sleeping with a book .
There is a person in a green shirt riding a bike at an extreme angle in a rural area .
A bicyclist passes with a giant sign that reads " lovely . "
A man advertises with a giant sign tied onto his bicycle .
The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand .
A child is riding a bike down an alleyway with graffiti in it .
Five cyclists , all wearing the same uniforms , are riding one behind the other in a bicycle race .
Two men are standing on the street talking while another walks by .
The partially obscured car is visible to the man in uniform .
A man in a green jacket is working on his tire .
A Car speeding past 2 pedestrians near a Metal Pole .
A hockey game with several players playing their part in preventing or facilitating a goal .
The basketball player in the white uniform with the number 55 on it is guarding the player in the black uniform with the number 10 on it .
A goalie stands in front of the goal at a hockey game .
The goaltender is crouching in front of the goal .
The basketball player tries to block an opposing player .
A football player dressed in a white uniform is preparing to throw the ball .
A football quarterback dropping back and planting his feet to throw a pass .
Football players are celebrating as an opposing team member watches .
A football player being tackled on a rainy day .
Young men playing football .
Two women , one wearing a purple shirt and the other a green shirt , are climbing their way up an electrical pole with safety equipment with onlookers .
Three men wearing brightly colored costumes take to the streets with wigs and crazy sunglasses .
A man is repelling down a cliff next to a lake .
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child .
Two men looking at a computer .
Young defensive football players executing a tackle on a member of the opposite team during a football game .
An offensive player running with a football while a football player tries to stop him during a football game .
A football player is being tackled by members of the opposing team .
A group of men playing a game of rugby .
# 8 for Iowa State stiff arms a Texas AM player attempting to tackle him .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
Two ladies and a little girl in her pajamas opening gifts
Woman and child outside the front door of their scenic home .
A little girl dances in a room with balloons on the floor .
A smiling woman holding a smiling child .
A man in a white hoodie is sitting on top of bamboo scaffolding near the roof of a building holding a spade .
Young pretty blond women holding a tennis racket dressed as if to begin a tennis match .
A woman with long blond-hair walks in front of a parked white car .
a girl smiles while holding a shovel .
A small girl jumping rope .
A man wearing a cowboy hat and suspenders , uses his cane to help him walk down a narrow road surrounded by tall grass .
A young black man walks down a street with a stray dog on it .
a blond woman walking down the sidewalk in a cheetah dress .
Three men are walking up hill .
People climbing up stairs with graffiti behind them .
A black , white and brown dog waking in the snow with a red toy in its mouth near an icey tree .
The black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running .
A panting brown dog walking on the grass .
The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log .
A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside .
A man in a brown jacket holding a red bag is speaking to another man with a white beard and green cap .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a dark blue shirt talking .
Two men and a woman standing in a circle having a conversation .
A man drinks from a wineglass while reading the paper .
Two elderly men having a conversation .
Three guys smiling for camera and showing off their muscles .
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
A customs officer leaning on a bike rack outside of an office building .
Three people smiling and holding political signs .
Old people are playing bocce ball .
Men wearing red and white stripe shirts and wearing blue hats carrying flags outside a brick building .
The man is performing a trick with a bicycle high in the air .
A man on a bike that is doing a trick .
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain .
A father showing his son something on paper .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
A large group of kids in a room sitting on front of there computers with orange barriers separating them .
A child in a striped shirt walks by some red chairs .
a couple posing together each smiling
A group of mostly asian children sitting at cubicles in blue chairs .
A small white car is stuck on the track , while the train car that hit it at a slow speed , sits still , as a rescue worker helps the driver .
A man in a suit and tie and a woman with luggage join others in waiting in the London Underground .
A train stop with a band including a tuba and drum .
People playing instruments at a train station .
A woman in a gold jacket waiting in the subway .
A martial artist wearing a white Gi and a black belt is pinning another man in a blue Gi to the ground .
A man in a navy blue jacket holding a tool in his dirty hand .
A guy bending over checking under some stage lights .
The spelunker finds water during his trek .
A man in an orange hat jumping .
Someone is lunging for a soccer ball near a net in a game of water soccer .
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair .
There is a goalie in a swimming pool blocking the ball .
A young women 's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise .
Two soccer players are going after the ball .
Two male soccer players in lime green uniforms passing the ball to each other .
This captures two athletes playing a game of water Vally-ball .
Two dirty guys playing soccer in the grass with players in the background .
Two men in blue shirts looking at a soccer game .
An audience at a soccer game .
A man in a red shirt walks past a turquoise and white checkered food establishment called " 32 De Neude . "
A young black man walks down a street with a stray dog on it .
A crowd of people walking in the street of a city .
Three people , with backpacks hiking along a dirt road through the mountains .
African marketplace on a hot summer day .
A young boy standing in the sand next to a sculpture of a pyramid that made out of the sand .
A young boy is standing next to a sand sculpture of a pyramid .
A young boy is hanging onto a clothing rack .
A little boy in a striped polo shirt plays tennis .
Two boys hanging off a tire dock .
A toddler , whilst sitting in a stroller , is perplexed by a Korean child 's book .
A smiling young boy plays in the leaves among the ducks .
A small boy jumps from a bunk bed onto a single bed .
A dear jumps the fence .
A bare chested smiling child plays in water .
A woman holds the hand of a wide-eyed baby , in a christmas themed outfit .
A baby girl eats a cookie while seated in a highchair and wearing a bib .
A baby with a pink hat , held by a man in red and a woman in pink .
An older male is holding an infant while sitting down .
Children are eating food at a table .
A woman in a white shirt and blue shorts follows a two people in red shirts up a staircase .
An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background .
several men standing near a black concrete wall .
Two people standing outside next to blow up toys and dumpsters .
A silhouette of a man and woman stand in front of a wall of fire .
Marathon runners are racing on a city street , with other people standing around .
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients .
A man and woman wait to cross a busy street in the city .
Someone carrying an umbrella while crossing an intersection .
Man stands on city street beneath pine tree .
Four construction workers gathered around a hole looking in a bucket .
In a outdoor market two men shovel snow and slush out of the path .
Two people on motorbikes are riding past construction .
Men shoveling snow on a sidewalk in a city .
Several workers wearing hard hats dig a hole .
A determined soccer player kicks the soccer ball away from the opposing player , near a goal post , while the opposing player stays focused on the ball .
Number 3 at a soccer game is looking to see where to put the ball back into play from the sideline .
A young boy is kicking a soccer ball away from 3 opponents .
A man with a number 3 soccer uniform kicking a soccer ball .
People playing a game in the pool .
A baby girl wearing a harness is lying on the ground crying .
A boy and a woman in a white shawl working with plant products underneath a tree .
two East Asian women sitting outdoors behind a cow-like animal
A woman in a red jacket and blue jeans is sitting in front of a red arch .
A child looking through a telescope .
A girl with a guitar and a guy with an umbrella sitting in front of a gate on the sidewalk .
A man next to a bicycle is playing a pan flute .
A young shaved head man is tuning his guitar .
A man sings and plays the guitar into a microphone .
2 women are standing in a street playing a blue guitar and a violin .
An elderly man dressed in a red and blue plaid shirt and brown camouflage cap is watching an event while eating a snack from a plastic bag on his lap .
Two boys eat their McDonalds lunch in an outdoor seating area surrounded by many other people .
An elderly man with a camouflage hat and plaid jacket sitting in a chair .
A woman eating in the grass on a beautiful day .
An older man holding a newborn baby .
A woman in a blue t-shirt and jeans is sweeping concrete .
An overweight woman with long black hair in a pink shirt with a name tag is applying lipstick .
A woman is blowing the seeds from a dandelion .
Woman with red shirt sitting holding purse .
A woman wearing all black looking at something .
Three young sumo wrestler students stand at attention at an award ceremony in front of a man at the microphone .
An African group of men , women , and babies pose in a field with large hills in the background .
Two men stand beneath a tree as they watch the sunset over the ocean .
People at a protest regarding military personnel .
Several people watching a race .
Five snowmobile riders all wearing helmets and goggles line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles ; they are all wearing black snow pants and from left to right they are wearing a black coat , white coat , red coat , blue coat , and black coat .
Three farmers harvest rice out in a rice field .
Three children 's legs are shown as they stand near a mess of silly string .
Seven people are outside listening to a man playing his instrument .
Females , who are on team usa , jump in the air excitedly .
Five woman gathered to play woodwind and string instruments in someone 's living room .
There are three people in jeans and shirts standing outside with spray cans .
Two men are wearing their jackets outside .
A man in Brazil giving an informal talk to young adults .
Whole Foods hosts a " City Picnic . "
Two woman are mud wrestling in a kiddie pool .
A young man walking with another young man glances back at three girls they just passed
Two girls playing in mud in a small pool .
Two people walk on the sidewalk past a brick building .
Two young people walk down a sidewalk in jackets .
A boy in a black shirt and red wristbands hanging upside down while other people look on .
A man using a scooter wearing a black leather jacket looking away from the camera .
Three boys all wearing green shirts are climbing on a slide .
A man in a black leather coat is standing in front of a sign .
Man in long-sleeve shirt mows his lawn .
A male volleyball player in red trunks tries to block the shot of the opposing player during a professional volleyball game .
Three toddlers are running towards the camera in a grassy yard .
A woman in a purple bikini sunbathes on a towel beside water .
A woman who is running , with blue shorts .
A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs on dirt .
A man in a long gray gown and hat is standing with his hand on a mule that is wearing blankets and decorations on a stone street outside of a building , with a number of other people in the background .
A man is standing on a stone structure with his arms out like a bird .
A bald man in a monastery with pigeons and brightly colored hangings .
A man is lathered up and ready for a shave at a barber shop .
Tattooed couple in green at the grocery checkout .
A group of spectators sitting in lawn chairs in the street facing a building and drinking beer .
A group of male and female cheerleaders create three formations .
A boy and a girl holding hands while sitting on a shore .
A couple with sunglasses are laying on the beach .
Two guys and a girl smiling .
A man with a blue shirt sitting on a bed and another man with a tan colored shirt and glasses laying on a bed .
A man in glasses completes a task beside a monitor that is not on .
A man in blue overalls is sawing wood .
A man is grilling out in his backyard .
Two men are paddling their small canoes through the water .
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
The brown dog is running across the sand .
A dog chases another by a tree .
A large brown dog is walking along side a river .
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
A young blond girl sleeps curled up on a brown couch with her head on large red pillow .
A drunken woman laughs as she lays on a small cough .
A little girl in a sweater is laying down on a couch sleeping .
An elderly man sleeps sitting up on the end of a red couch
Laying on a couch in Ikea
three people standing near each other wearing coats with other people in the background
Two female members of team USA performing a jump high-five surrounded by two other female members .
A bunch of people are in a club dancing .
Several women are performing a dance in front of a building .
Old people are playing bocce ball .
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
Shaft of light in a cave shows three spelunkers
A young girl is stranded in front of a large rock in the middle of a river .
A woman in blue shorts is walking near a large rock in a shallow river .
Woman with a hat on climbing a cliff near a large body of water .
An Asian man is cooking several meat on a stick .
The man in a Japanese cooking suit is preparing a meal for two people .
A teppanyaki chef prepares dinner for restaurant guests .
A man preparing food in his kitchen .
The chef is trying to debone a chicken .
A shirtless man with multiple earrings , a necklace , and holding drumsticks , is voicing into a microphone behind cymbals .
There are two street musicians playing percussion , while a crowd of people look on .
A crowd of people on the street gathering to watch several young men put on a show .
One man in a black muscle shirt is playing the drums on some overturned buckets .
A man is sitting on the street playing drums on buckets .
Three men and two women stand facing the ocean from the shore on a sunny day .
A few oriental people with their clothing attire on in reds , greens , and golds standing on steps .
Two volleyball girls team both jumping for a double high-five
A group of women are playing musical instruments together .
A man stands on a mountaintop .
A busy plaza with three young women with an umbrella and buckets full of possessions , possibly homeless .
Young man with cap and buttoned coat stands before building .
a man standing on a street waiting to cross the road
A woman with a push-to-talk cellphone and headset waiting at a crosswalk .
A lady standing at a crosswalk .
A few people sit in benches along a tree-lined avenue next to a parking lot .
A man is standing in front of a classroom full of students teaching about Brazil
Many people stand in a line while a person in white talks on a megaphone .
Two people at the top of a mountain .
A group of people are climbing in cold weather .
An Asian man is cooking several meat on a stick .
A young boy , wearing a chef 's hat and apron , is cutting sausages in a kitchen .
A man in white apron and blue shirt is cooking eggs outside for a woman in a tan coat .
A man with an apron and hat cooking .
A man is cooking outdoors with a female watching .
Several older men , some in traditional headdress convene on a street corner .
People look on as participants in a marathon pass by .
Four young boys are standing around a grill .
Two men are in the woods one is looking at a log .
A sumo wrestler accepting an award .
A man is resting next to his upside down bicycle taking his glove off .
Two young men getting ready to move fruit on their bike .
A man on a bike that is doing a trick .
A woman in a striped-tunic on a bicycle .
Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture
A little girl is sleeping with a book on her chest next to a doll .
A little girl is looking through a telescope at the beach .
A group of spectators watch a men 's sand volleyball game .
A little girl on the beach with a shovel in hand .
two males playing volleyball on the beach .
A small boy in a red shirt and black shorts pushing a broom outside a house on the driveway next to a toy basketball hoop .
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand .
a man in a harness being dragged across the water
A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field .
A little boy is kneeling looking at his yellow shovel
Two men sitting on the roof of a house while another one stands on a ladder .
Two people stand next to an inflatable obstacle course with hand holds .
Many people stand in a line while a person in white talks on a megaphone .
A group of men are standing beside a blue railing for a picture .
People are admiring a work of art .
A woman holds the hand of a wide-eyed baby , in a christmas themed outfit .
Woman wearing brown sandals and blue jeans , in a white shirt , holding a baby under a tall tree .
A child is laying on a beige rug laughing .
A young brunette woman eating and drinking something .
A woman smiling at a baby .
The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot .
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping .
four white guys playing basketball and looks like the white jersey is about to score over the red jersey .
Men from Lafayette and Penn State are playing basketball .
The basketball player tries to block an opposing player .
A man on a utility lift is standing in the tree branches .
A man in a black shirt uses a yellow bulldozer .
A man operating a large yellow bulldozer .
A person is writing on a chalkboard in a empty classroom .
A man in an apron holding a bowl .
A man , wearing black jeans and a gray shirt , stands in the front of a classroom writing on a chalkboard .
A uniformed soldier is kneeling on the ground looking at a metal object .
A man in a white shirt is driving a tractor and dumping a load of sand .
Man standing by a poster of religious beliefs .
A man is playing music with a trumpet .
The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole .
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water .
a great Dane climbing a steep hill
A young Lassie looking dog is in the snow .
A dog walks on a log across a small river .
A black , white and brown dog waking in the snow with a red toy in its mouth near an icey tree .
A gray dog walks in the green grass , tongue hanging out .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee .
A family is playing on the beach with their dog .
A shirtless man with multiple earrings , a necklace , and holding drumsticks , is voicing into a microphone behind cymbals .
A guy performing a song shirtless with a tattoo of a safety pen on his body with a second tattoo on his body .
A punk looking gentleman with ear piercings , a mohawk , and tattoos playing the drums and singing .
Two young men in black tank tops playing on a set of drums .
Two men wearing black wife beater 's playing the drums .
The school bus is unloading children near the parked cars .
Three boys are playing with sponges and buckets of water .
A woman talking to four little children outside .
There are kids playing in the dirt beside the road .
The children are getting off the bus .
A woman in a white shirt and hat speaks to a large crowd of men and women using a megaphone .
A yellow construction vehicle is posed near two buildings , its arm engaged with a pile of rubble .
A group of men and women in military uniform .
Some men sitting on the steps of a church .
People sitting in a circle outside a large building .
A very young child is sitting behind an even younger child with her hands around him .
a young girl wearing a bulky red life jacket floating in a lake .
The girl is in a coffee shop and listening to music .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
a young girl swimming in a pool
One bald man is putting on a tie , which matches his button-down shirt , while looking into the mirror .
A gloved hand holds what appears to be an oversize nail against a log .
A boy wearing a jean jacket with his hand on his chest smiling at the camera .
A man is carrying metal beams in a supply yard .
A guy ready to make a purchase at a small shop .
three dogs playing together in a grassy field with trees in the background
Two black and one white dog interacting in the grass .
two brown dogs running through the snow .
Three dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two dogs run through a snowy field .
The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot .
The basketball player in the white uniform with the number 55 on it is guarding the player in the black uniform with the number 10 on it .
A player either fielding a high pass or going up for a shot while being defended on the basketball court .
hockey player in white uniform with stick
Hockey match between a white and red team .
A number of people are sitting in blue chairs in a room , looking at computer screens while wearing earphones .
Three people on comfortable seating in a waiting room .
A student reads a book while others enjoy art photography in a gallery .
People sit in green chairs at tables in the street .
A woman sitting on a lawn chair .
A woman sits at a primary colored children 's table , playing with building blocks , as two girls in pink dresses , and a boy in a red shirt surround her .
A lady with dark hair is playing a harp .
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym .
A group of students sit and listen to the speaker .
Children playing on a playground .
A woman holds her little white dog and points to a big brown dog at the bottom of the hill .
The brown dog is running across the sand .
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A dog walks on a log across a small river .
Two girls wearing pink have their hands in or near a fountain in a shopping complex where people throw coins in it .
Two people survey the night sky , illuminated by the moon and the glow of the city they are in , with an ornate bust occupying the space to their right .
Two guys getting a drink at a store counter .
Two police officers on duty watching over things .
Two policemen standing in a parking lot .
Turbaned man and two police officers stand in front of a white canopy and a pile of garbage bags
Two people standing next to a tree on the ground .
A group of men and women in military uniform .
A group of volleyball girls high-fiving each other in a gym .
A blue boat sitting on a dock .
A woman wearing sunglasses , white shorts and gray t-shirt is walking her dog and talking to another woman pushing a stroller .
a black dog sprints near the blue fence .
A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition .
A light brown dog is running up .
a man runs with his dog at a dog show .
a boy in a stripy shirt is playing with a soccer ball in a grassy park in front of some bushes .
Some people are kicking a white ball on a beach .
A boy in a blue jersey kicks a soccer ball into the head of a boy in an orange jersey .
People on the sideline of a soccer match .
An audience at a soccer game .
A woman holds sticks attached to large striped banners , causing one to launch its banner in a wide loop through the air .
Two boys are looking up at the sky and waving theirs arms and they are dressed in clothes to keep them warm .
A girl with bright red-hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk .
Woman in red looking over the celebration parade below .
The children are looking upward while waving their arms .
A female gymnast , captured in midair during a jump .
Three men are standing on a stage , one is wearing clown makeup and holding a guitar .
A band performing and entertaining on stage at a Valentine 's Day event .
Fans cheer as the band plays a song .
A band plays a concert for fans .
A red-haired man with dreadlocks is sitting playing and acoustic guitar .
A man with short dreads , and solemn expression , playing guitar .
Two rockers are singing and playing on a dark stage .
A teenage girl is carrying a guitar in the woods .
A street musician playing .
A woman dressed in black with a tattoo on her right arm is taking a picture with her camera .
A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots .
A small black child is holding up a poster among many other children .
Young people are standing in the store .
Battling between the sexes , who will win .
A man in a blue shirt is kicking a yellow object while other students are practicing karate in the background .
A small smiling child huddled into the chest of an older man wearing orange , who is also smiling .
Orange striped kitten biting blond girl on the nose
Two guys are kayaking , one orange one blue , down a creek .
A construction worker getting his moves on .
A surfer has just fallen off his surfboard and only his feet are visible above the water .
A young woman is running a marathon in a light blue tank top and spandex shorts .
A woman in a serving motion playing beach volleyball .
girl child looking through a telescope in a serene setting
Little girl standing in sand at the beach .
A man , who is wearing the tan coat , is gambling at a casino slot machine .
A man in sunglasses walking down a street carrying three cases of beer .
A female gymnast holds herself vertically above uneven bars .
Two women wear shirts depicting how much they like beer
A man in a bar .
While working a woman makes a peace sign and smiles so big it makes her eyes close .
A bicyclist passes with a giant sign that reads " lovely . "
A group of people ride bicycles on a large city street .
The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand .
An Asian factory worker posing for the camera .
A bull rider in a white shirt jumping the fence to avoid being hit by the bull .
A cowboy lassos an animal while other cowboys , and a horse , look on .
A man is running towards another man who is being attacked by a bucking bull .
A cowboy with a white hat tying a bull .
A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo .
A guy in all black and boots is kicking in the air with an arid landscape in the background .
A girl is playing in the fountain fully clothed .
A young Asian man is jumping in the air , striking a martial arts pose .
Two young children are on sand .
karate kick in the desert
A Indian lady sitting making a clothing piece with a young child and older lady looking upon her , young child in the background playing .
A child in blue and a child in white stand on a short concrete wall by a stream .
Two workers spread cement onto a brick building .
Two women repairing a wall with concrete .
Spectators about to watch a woman use a drill .
View of a Victorian building in the background with various people walking in the foreground .
Two men walk up a ramp , as another man in a blue shirt walks along a road below them .
Two men pretend to be statutes while women look on .
A man is wearing a black jacket and has on headphones .
Three hikers a traversing a trail as a young lady inspects her camera .
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio "
Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it .
A young girl in a purple dress throws a tantrum .
A young girl swimming in a pool .
A girl floating wearing a life vest .
A young boy is leaping off a pier into the water , his leg thrust out .
A blond little boy is wearing a green shirt and holding a book upside down .
A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow .
a man wakeboards on a lake .
A boy in a red suit plays in the water .
There is an outline of a male and female observing a bonfire or other large burning wooden object .
Two female members of team USA performing a jump high-five surrounded by two other female members .
Four black men are sitting on the steps of a church .
A choir group is gathered together in a church .
A blue boat sitting on a dock .
A man and a woman walk around a corner next to a painted wall mural depicting children .
A female athlete is high jumping at the 2010 Barcelona .
A woman working on a painting of a young woman on a wall with tan skin .
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Spectators about to watch a woman use a drill .
A woman in white in front of a window , while reading a book on the couch .
A lady sitting on the couch in front of a large set of windows reading .
A man lounging in a red sectional sofa in home store .
A woman wearing a sweater is reading a book in her home .
An old man is sitting alone on a couch and sleeping .
A woman on a boat named " El Corazon " drops black weights into the water .
Asian person holding a white porcelain Asian figurine of a woman holding a fan .
A muslim woman holding balloons at an islamic event
A girl jumps rope on a sidewalk .
A tattooed blond woman is holding a purse .
A young boy is taking American flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans .
A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion .
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people .
A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field .
Man doing a back flip into the ocean .
A woman with pink hair on a street corner holds two dogs that have been dyed pink .
Two black dogs , a black puppy , and a white dog in the snow .
Two small dogs pursuing a ball across a grassy field .
Two dogs race across a snowy field .
two dogs jump for a ball on a green field .
A group of young people actively jumping into the air with arms up and outward in different directions with legs bent and extended to positions of motion .
A group of young teenagers are jumping at night making funny poses for the camera .
A man in a gray shirt jumps over the top of a sand dune in the desert .
A child is playing in water .
Man building a sand castle .
A toddler , whilst sitting in a stroller , is perplexed by a Korean child 's book .
A green beetle is resting upon a freckled nose of a young boy .
A blond boy is sitting in a stroller holding a Korean language book .
A boy wearing a orange Doritos jersey jumps up in the air .
A young boy is holding a tennis racket .
a person in a green jacket throws a stick into the water for a black and white dog to fetch whilst a brown and white dog looks on .
A woman with pink hair bent down on the sidewalk holding to pink dogs .
Three dogs play with each other out in the field .
A group of dogs stand in the snow .
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting .
There are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window .
Three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat .
A group of men and women in military uniform .
A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view .
Two men are busy working .
A young girl with goggles strapped to her forehead enjoys the cool pool water .
A little child is in full ski gear while standing on the snow .
Little girl kicks black object at karate class .
A little girl balances on a gymnastics beam .
A girl in a purple dress crying on the floor .
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim .
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court .
Little boy playing tennis with a black and yellow racket .
A boy carrying a chunk of snow .
Two bald people in red clothes
A person wearing a red coat is holding a beige and plaid umbrella while crossing the street .
An elderly person is crossing a street with an umbrella in their hands .
A man prepares his local stand for the days business .
Man and woman sort clothes together .
A man in a brown coat rubs his nose .
Several people walking past a food cart on a city street .
A woman is holding an over sized check for $ 37,000 for the Kids Food Basket .
Two men dressed in green are preparing food in a restaurant .
A woman tears up over a huge donation to the Kids Food Basket .
A group of people at an outdoor fruit market
A young child wearing a red hat and a tag " 513 " participant tag rides a horse .
A person in red rides a motorcycle while carrying several items , including a plant .
a black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass .
Six People riding bikes on a trail in the forest .
Cowboy at a rodeo riding a horse .
Two men sitting in front of a building and a field of grass in front of them .
Many people in blue jeans stand in front of a white church .
Three workers bent over pulling grass .
A group of people standing in front of an igloo .
People leaning on a railing .
Three people , wearing dark clothes , get together for a close hug , outside of a cafe .
The woman in blue is operating a camera in front of two other women .
A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks with a group of people in the background .
A woman in black clothes with one leg up .
A room full of people with a black kid showing a piece of art .
Two men are sitting in a canoe in the middle of a lake , watching the sunset in the background .
Costumed onlookers watch as a uniformed policeman makes a speech and a man in a suit holds a bowl of fruit .
Two men standing in front of the bean in Chicago .
Three people standing near a door , with silly string cans .
Four men sit on the found in front of a church or synagogue .
A man with his arms outspread who looks like he is filled with ecstatic joy is jumping vigorously from old , weathered , yellowed stairs as a man in a green shirt beneath him is lying on his back and seeming to be photographing him or making a video of what is happening .
A man with a beard and glasses sits in the grass next to a pine tree .
A man stands on boards on top of a huge ladder .
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head .
A man uses stereo equipment .
A skateboarder rides the bowl of a skate park while a man watches in the background .
A man with a hat is playing the drum in the street .
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it .
A man in a black shirt prepares to play the drum .
A young man is sitting in front of a drum .
Four different men sitting outside on cement steps in front of a building .
Military Families are marching through New York on a rainy day .
Ball players with white on in a field playing a game .
Two people canoe down a river at the time of a beautiful sunset .
Five people are playing classical musical .
A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes attempts a trick on a skateboard above the lip of a bowl .
A skateboarding young man 's soaring over rails , while city setting behind him looks so still .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans grinds down a rail on his skateboard .
A man in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
a kid riding a skateboard .
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper inside a newspaper stand .
An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose .
A man in a white martial arts robe attempts to submit his opponent wearing a blue robe .
A young child with a dirty face being held by an old woman .
A man smiling with a helmet on his head .
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
A brown dog is biting a white and tan dog on the snout .
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest .
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
dogs playing
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim .
The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake .
People filling a large black container with water .
A kid sitting in a window of a yellow taxi
A child standing near a sand pyramid
A young man with a red handkerchief over his face is the main focus , while people wearing protective security armor are in the background .
A person playing sports in the snow is crouched down .
A man is repelling down a cliff next to a lake .
People are in a room practicing a martial art .
A craftsperson making metal objects .
A bull rider in a white shirt jumping the fence to avoid being hit by the bull .
A man is leaping through the air escaping the arena containing a bull .
A cowboy is bucked off a steer while other men watch from the stands .
A man is leaping over a barrier away from a bull .
A man is about to fall onto the ground while he rodeos .
three dogs playing together in a grassy field with trees in the background
Two dogs running away from the camera in the woods .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
Two dogs biting another dog in a field .
Someone is at the water 's edge with two dogs .
A group of people surrounding a man in a black and red striped shirt asking for his autograph .
A young man with a blue checkered shirt is doing bike tricks on a half pipe .
Two young men are loading fruit unto a bicycle .
Man carries bike over obstacle
A man rides his bike on the boardwalk .
Black dog paddles through the water with a bright ball in its mouth .
The yellow dog is carrying a stick by water .
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A young child has a popsicle stick in his mouth .
A black dog is retrieving a ball in water .
A basketball player leaps with the ball while opponents try to block him .
3 basketball players vying for the ball and one in red jersey trying to take ball from guy in white jersey .
A player either fielding a high pass or going up for a shot while being defended on the basketball court .
Men from Lafayette and Penn State are playing basketball .
The two college basketball teams are playing a game .
A man in a construction supply area , wearing blue jeans and bluish gray t-shirt , caries a bundle of metal on his shoulder
Man clothed in a traditional dress like attire , while standing next to his mule who also seems to be clothed as well .
A man with a mustache prepares to hammer a nail into a piece of tree .
A man talks on the phone with his feet up .
A man posing for the camera on steps .
A cowboy on a horse twirling his lasso in anticipation of throwing it .
Two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains .
A cowboy is riding a bull on a rodeo and is having trouble staying upright .
Hispanics are on horseback trying to wrangle a free horse .
Two men on a produce cart driven by a horse .
A kid in a red and black coat is laying on his back in the snow with his arm in the air and a red sled is next to him .
somber faced woman wearing dark jeans and a red top sitting on the edge of a porch .
A child is laying on the ground next to a stroller .
The child is having a meltdown on the ground .
A boy looks over the city .
Two men are sitting in white chairs next to a blue door .
A Japanese shop with people sitting inside it .
A child in a striped shirt walks by some red chairs .
A child walking and leaving a trail behind them .
Men sitting in chairs in shallow water fishing .
Some young men looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day .
A fisherman untangles his fishing nets in his blue boat as it sits on the water .
Children are contemplating their next move in a game of checkers .
Two small children with older man plating a tree .
A man with no shirt fishing .
A young man wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt sits in the grass , with a ball in the air .
A man in a red shirt is sitting on the grass , and a ball is flying towards him .
A small dog on a leash jumps toward a pink ball
Man on the beach is throwing a red ball .
A girl bowling at a bowling alley .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .
A little girl wearing a navy skirt is climbing on some silver poles .
A girl in karate uniform breaking a stick with a front kick .
Young girl rollerblading with safety gear .
Young boys are hanging out on the sidewalk next to trees , while one boy is exploring the dirt around the tree .
Some children are outside playing in the dirt where two trees are .
An Asian woman and her two children sit at a table doing crafts .
Two people dig with shovels at a playground by the ocean .
The children are getting off the bus .
A woman in a pick shirt is holding a shovel near a woman in brown sweeping , while a third woman sits on a stoop .
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine .
Two young boys playing a game on a log while other kids look on .
A girl jumps rope on a sidewalk .
A bride and her bridesmaids are posing for a picture .
Young boy in a white striped shirt and headband holding a tennis racket .
A young boy wearing a red jumpsuit smiles while riding a motorbike .
Boy that is outside with a green bug sitting on his nose .
A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field .
A boy lays on top of a girl in a field .
Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass .
The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake .
a child in a white karate outfit practicing a move
A little boy in a striped polo shirt plays tennis .
Young boy playing with Legos .
One person stands and another sits on the summit of a mountain .
The crowd along the city street is watch performers with long wood poles .
A boat with red , white and blue sails docking at a pier .
A group of people taking shots at a restaurant .
A man sells potatoes to a group of people .
Four young Asian boys hold bowls and chopsticks as they stand around a barbecue .
Many fishermen are trying to drag a boat to the shore from the sea .
Three democrat supporters hold signs for an election .
Two people in blue shirts are outside with a bullhorn .
Two nuns stand on the street .
A man wearing a baseball hat and jacket reads while sitting in an Italian restaurant .
A man on a brown coat is talking to a man with black pants and a man in a suit .
A man is talking on his cellphone across the street from a cafe .
A man drinks from a wineglass while reading the paper .
Three people drinking and having a good time .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
A dark-skinned girl with goggles and black hair in water .
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor .
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum .
A girl breaking boards by using karate .
White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage , sky in background .
The black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running .
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass .
a doggy runs in the dry grass .
Two dogs play by a tree .
A lady in a bikini is pouring a drink into a red cup for a man who is wearing trunks and sunglasses .
Two women runners in athletic shorts and bras going down a city street .
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something .
Two dancers are performing within a caution-tape boundary .
Old lady crossing street with an umbrella .
A dark-haired boy carrying a small hoe leaps across a narrow ditch while wearing rain boots .
Young man running towards a tennis court while another is waiting in the other side of the net .
A young girl in a pink shirt is on a beach running toward the ocean .
A young female child asleep with a book laying over her chest .
Many people run in a marathon through a city .
A woman with pink hair on a street corner holds two dogs that have been dyed pink .
Two brown dogs are running through the snow .
Three dogs playing in a field , one with a ball in its mouth .
Two dogs race across a snowy field .
Two medium sized dogs run across the snow .
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow .
a brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods .
a great Dane climbing a steep hill
A dog drinks water outside on the grass .
A brown dog in running on grass .
A man working on a little girl 's purple tricycle .
An extreme cyclist stops to rest as the sun sets in the background .
A cyclist checking his gear for his sunset bike ride .
A BMX biker shoots up into the air .
A biker jumps an obstacle .
A young girl in a blue skirt is propping herself up on bars of a metal structure outside .
A young woman is laying in the sun with her face covered by a purple scarf .
A young girl is sitting backwards on a chair , looking over the back of it .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
A girl is sunning herself with a purple towel over her face .
a large bull targets a man , inches away , in a rodeo with his horns , while a rodeo clown runs to help .
A cowboy lassos an animal while other cowboys , and a horse , look on .
Men in cowboy hats stand around at a rodeo .
A cowboy with a white hat tying a bull .
The bulls wins , but not before it is stopped in its tracks .
Seven children , three of which are riding bicycles traveling along a dirt path in a rural setting with a mountain in the background .
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
A woman talking to four little children outside .
The children are playing outdoors , while a man smiles nearby .
Trampolines are a fun way to exercise .
A man in a black hat and jacket is riding his bicycle .
Bicycle rider wearing black , riding down a dirt trail in a mountain bike .
A man on a bicycle pedals through an archway .
The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand .
A girl is riding her bike at night .
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
A boy and girl standing together on the pavement as they look at an object .
A small African child carries a younger child on his back .
A scientist looking through a microscope in a lab .
The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on .
A boy is hanging out of the window of a yellow taxi .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
A smiling young girl swimming in a lake or river that has murky water .
A young boy is playing with a yo-yo .
Africans gather water at an outdoor tap .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
One little boy working hard in his martial arts class .
A man in a red swimsuit doing a back dive into blue waters .
A toddler is looking at clothes on a rack .
A man and a boy on a rocky beach .
A child leans over a display made up of blue and yellow plastic , while an adult looks on .
A young red-haired man is fishing and caught some seaweed .
A fisherman is handling a net on a small boat near a dock .
A woman holds a young boy who has a wooden spoon in his mouth .
a man stands alone on the rocks .
One bald man is putting on a tie , which matches his button-down shirt , while looking into the mirror .
A man in red shirt displays his fighting technique on another man in gray shirt .
A gray-haired man wearing black gloves is moving the lawn .
A man wearing gloves carries corn through a field .
A wheel loader picking up some dirt .
A group of Asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table .
A crowd of people sitting at picnic tables in front of a brick , historic-looking building .
Three people are sitting at an outdoor table in front of a coffee shop .
a group of people looking out at a coffee table
A man sits at a table outdoors and watches people .
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it .
A dog leaps high in the air while another watches .
A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog in a grassy yard .
A brown dog standing at the bottom of stone , outdoor stairs .
Dog in jacket running through snow
A smiling child wearing a white t-shirt with stripes and skull and crossbones is swinging .
Two people are playing baseball while another team watches off from the sideline .
An older man with a cigarette in his mouth and a ball cap inspects his camera .
A woman runs after making a hit in women 's softball , the catcher rises to her feet .
A man throws a pitch during a baseball game .
A man in a gray shirt smoking a cigarette and getting something to eat .
A man with a cigarette in his mouth fixing a plate of food .
A toddler is cooking with another person .
The woman is at marketplace buying fish from an Arabic person .
Woman in white dress selling items on the stairs .
three dogs playing together in a grassy field with trees in the background
There are two dogs in the snow and one has something in his mouth .
Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area .
A woman with pink hair poses on a street corner with two pink dogs .
Three gray dogs jump at a woman .
Woman dressed in blue sitting on a bench with a cane next to her looking through her purse with a stretch limo behind her with a man and a woman walking in opposite directions from one another .
A dark-haired woman wearing glasses , a red jacket and jeans sitting on a bench on the sidewalk .
A man and a dog sit on a bench near a body of water .
A man listening to music on a park bench .
a man is sitting by the sidewalk .
A woman in glasses has her eyes wide open while she is at the dentist .
A person with tattoos is looking at a photo on a digital camera , or cellphone .
A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks with a group of people in the background .
Woman in red looking over the celebration parade below .
Battling between the sexes , who will win .
A number of people are doing a synchronized martial arts performance in the street .
Two men are crafting items in a workshop with tools .
Two people , a man and a woman , are looking at a structure being burned down .
Family members standing outside a home .
Four men sit on the found in front of a church or synagogue .
Two musicians are entertaining people in a city park , the flute player is wearing a blue feather boa .
Two men are performing on a sidewalk as a crowd watches
Some nature hikers stop to examine a log along the path .
Six people are sitting behind two kayaks .
Protesters holding a petition in the rain .
A woman wearing sunglasses sits on a red bench in front of a yellow building .
An elderly person in a wheelchair next to a girl sitting on a bench .
An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench .
Two young women discuss something while waiting .
A woman sitting on a bench by a coffee house .
Photo of a man sitting on a bench with a sign written in Spanish in background and the reflection of a lady walking from a mirrored wall .
Three firefighters enraged after a prank call .
A man in a white shirt peers out a brown train .
Police officer whistles while he works
people on a miniature train .
Three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .
a chinese man sitting down waiting for customers .
Latin woman shows off homemade pizza in kitchen .
Man preparing food while two others watch .
Two men are cooking meat on the grill .
A mountain biker makes his way up a grassy path on his red bicycle .
A girl is taking a picture of a girl and guy on a colorfully decorated pink bike .
A cyclist checking his gear for his sunset bike ride .
A man signs an autograph in a young boy 's book .
A woman in a striped outfit on a bike .
A guy in all black and boots is kicking in the air with an arid landscape in the background .
A man in a long-sleeved gray shirt and jeans leaps from a sandy hillside .
Two kids run through gray sand .
Oriental man practicing his karate moves by the ocean .
A child splashes in water .
A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table .
People sitting at tables at some sort of festival .
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table .
A happy family at thanksgiving .
Young male in a white karate outfit with a blue belt wrapped around his waist performs karate moves in front of the judges of the competition .
Several men are wearing martial arts uniforms while they perform some moves in unison .
Young , smiling , blond female police officer from New York standing outside on a sidewalk .
A man in a martial arts uniform in midair .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
Two men who are riding on two horses both are trying to rope a bull in a rodeo .
A large man in a white shirt rides a brown horse that is bucking and has its two front feet off the ground .
Two men are sitting in a horse drawn cart with potatoes in the back .
A cowboy-looking fellow slings a lasso .
A group of people is bike riding in the woods .
A blond woman in a leather jacket is sitting outside with a man in a blue and red jacket , and there is a dog between them .
a black dog sprints near the blue fence .
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
A dog rolls on the ground .
A dog lies on the ground .
A man and woman perform a martial arts demonstration with practice katanas in front of an audience in an outside park like environment .
A woman in a red shirt is raising her arm to the crowd below .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is smiling for another camera .
Women running on a soccer field .
A black woman works in a field .
A girl sits on a decorated bike with a younger boy while another girl takes a picture .
Someone in a yellow jacket mountain biking on a red bike .
A cyclist checking his gear for his sunset bike ride .
A large gray sea deck and a guy on the bike .
A man riding his bike up the ramp .
Two girls running down the street in front of a large building with white and red flags by the door .
Two children standing at the edge of a pool are holding hands while facing other swimmers .
A girl in white and a girl in green walk past a blue car wash station .
A young man wearing a blue jacket is turning his head .
Two little girls holding hands on a beach .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth .
a dog running in a park with a rubber chicken in its mouth .
A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy .
a dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth .
The dog is holding a yellow toy .
A man in sunglasses with a brown coat is smoking a cigarette and scratches his nose as patrons purchase items from a street stand .
A man and a woman are standing on the street in the city .
There is a lady in a pink coat standing on street with a comical surprised look on her face .
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance .
Man in Santa suit socializes at holiday event .
A group of musicians are performing on a stage in front of a crowd .
woman performing at a gymnastics competition .
The doctors are involved in an operation .
Doctors performing some type of surgery .
A string quartet dazzles their audience .
Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing with a crowd looking on .
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope .
The blond-haired woman with the black jacket is holding a white statue .
A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans .
A male tennis player holding his tennis racket .
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
A German shepherd is showing its teeth as it growls at another German shepherd .
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest .
Two German sheperds snarling at each other .
Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting .
A little boy is wearing a blue and white shirt while holding a toy animal that is either a crocodile or an alligator .
A little boy in a red shirt is sweeping the floor on a porch .
Two boys are playing on the sidewalk .
A boy aiming his gun at a target .
young boy on a motorcycle smiling .
a person in a green jacket throws a stick into the water for a black and white dog to fetch whilst a brown and white dog looks on .
Two dogs playfully bite a third dog , which has its tongue sticking out .
Three dogs play with each other out in the field .
Two large dogs are fighting in a dirt field .
two dogs jump for a ball on a green field .
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below .
A man in a long-sleeved gray shirt and jeans leaps from a sandy hillside .
A child jumping on a tennis court .
Two young children are on sand .
two smiling kids walking on sand
A woman in a white shirt and blue shorts follows a two people in red shirts up a staircase .
A group of people are sitting on the grass outside of a rustic building .
Two people , a man and a woman , are looking at a structure being burned down .
Two men trying to build a fire .
Several students waiting outside an igloo .
Two men sitting on the roof of a house while another one stands on a ladder .
Some people sit on benches under rows of trees in front of a building .
A group of men and women in military uniform .
Three people work on their laptops inside a store .
Five people are playing classical musical .
The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged at base by a girl on the other team .
A little boy is holding a skinny baseball bat while standing between two rows of blue seats .
A baseball player coming into home plate with knee held high and the catcher right in front of him waiting for the ball .
The blond-haired child played on the swing .
Man smoking , while inspecting his camera .
A man wearing a cowboy hat and suspenders , uses his cane to help him walk down a narrow road surrounded by tall grass .
In front of palm trees , figures ride bicycles while a couple walk and a child wears rollerskates near an older person .
A male in a suit holding a beverage in a cup walking down the sidewalk , next to a city bus .
People walking down sidewalk next to a line of stores .
Small child is hanging out of a box on the sidewalk .
White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel , creating some sort of artwork .
A man in red shirt displays his fighting technique on another man in gray shirt .
A man operating a large yellow bulldozer .
A man jumps and poses for photographers lying on the ground .
A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post in the street .
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it .
a brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .
A woman walking up some stairs .
A long-haired skateboarder is about to exit a clean nosegrind on a public handrail , unaware of his surroundings while ignoring the negative public perception of skateboarders .
A young man in a blue shirt grinds a rail on a skateboard in an urban area .
A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks .
A man in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
A long-haired young man skateboarding on the rails on a cloudy day .
A band is of four members including a woman and three men are playing their instruments with an open guitar case in front of them .
Man standing on the sidewalk next to the street holding a guitar .
A man is sitting outside playing music .
Man plays a strange looking string instrument .
A woman is playing guitar on stage
A man jogging with his two thumbs up in the air , while making a funny face .
A young boy leans against a car adorned with floral arrangements while the driver looks on .
A man in black is walking to his truck in the snow .
A man giving two thumbs up as he runs a race .
A Car speeding past 2 pedestrians near a Metal Pole .
A young man is wakeboarding on a body of water .
A boy wearing red and white swimming trunks diving backwards in a beautiful pool .
Two people are laying down and kissing on a grassy lawn .
A boy carrying a chunk of snow .
A little boy holding a baby reptile .
A man with a gray jacket on that has a red and black stripe on the sleeve at a shooting range with multiple targets .
The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad .
A young boy is dumping a bag of Lego 's onto a glass table .
A boy in a stroller is wearing a green shirt and holding a book .
A child outside with snow .
a young girl wearing a gray snowsuit skiing on a snowy mountain .
A girl in martial arts class is kicking a dummy .
A young girl is sitting backwards on a chair , looking over the back of it .
A girl plays in an inflatable pool .
A little girl is walking on a balance beam .
A girl in a green sweatshirt checks out at a store filled with Pokemon items .
a guy and girl are sitting in a sculpture playing with a throwing ring .
A man is working on his wooden boat .
A man stands in striking position while holding his opponent 's head .
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
An older woman looks at the camera while young children play with many kinds of toys around the room in the background .
A group of children are sitting and standing in a building with a red floor .
A group of children sit on a blue mat while they eat out of bowls .
Two people dig with shovels at a playground by the ocean .
Children are playing tug-of-war .
A soccer player is on the field with his arms out , about to kick the ball .
Two young men playing soccer on a sunny day are jumping for the soccer ball .
There is a goalie in a swimming pool blocking the ball .
A goalie in a yellow field is protecting the goal .
An audience at a soccer game .
A girl in a polka dotted blue jean dress walks barefoot on a balance beam .
A little girl wearing pink clothes is sitting in a rocking chair while looking back .
A girl kicking a stick that a man is holding in tae kwon do class .
A young girl hanging onto playground equipment .
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle .
The two dogs , one with a tennis ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
There are two Boston terriers biting at each other .
Two brown dogs playing in a rough manner .
A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park .
Four people holding three dogs in a field .
The dog is concerned with a purple object lying in an uncut field .
A black and white dog performs a jump with his owner looking on .
A brown dog runs down the sandy beach .
A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee .
A dog tamer creates human jumping ring .
People are gathered around the table filled with food .
A child with a mask on sitting at a table with a plate in front .
A man sits at a wooden table and looks away to a crowd of people .
This is a large group of people sitting outside on benches .
Students work together in groups .
A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table .
People sitting at tables at some sort of festival .
There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things .
A man sits at a table outside and looks toward the horizon .
Business ideas are scattered about a table in a meeting .
Several men are sitting on their motorcycles wearing a red shirt with a black vest and black hat .
Two girls ( one dressed in blue , and one dressed in pink ) are racing one another on rollerskates .
Girl with green arm band , hair ties , and earrings stands outside .
A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her .
An Asian woman is talking on the phone outside of a hospital .
A woman takes a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat while a man carries her .
An older gentleman , in a red plaid shirt and hunting cap , eats a piece of food from his bag .
A little girl with blond-hair is eating a cookie in a highchair .
this is a mirrored ceiling in a cafeteria .
A woman gives a small child a piggyback ride .
Two people are seated in striped outdoor chairs which are placed in a body of water and one man is holding a large fishing pole .
A Japanese shop with people sitting inside it .
Asian people sitting at a restaurant with yellow chairs .
Lady with glasses sitting and smiling .
Two men are sitting on white chairs .
A young girl in a pink jacket walks with two sisters in matching outfits in public .
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
Three young girls in winter coats and hats inspect cameras .
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn .
A man in a red shirt sweeping the sidewalk .
Several young black people traverse a market street in a rather dilapidated section of town .
A man wearing a red t-shirt and jeans is walking outside a shop with green and white checkered walls .
A group of people walking up stairs surrounded by buildings covered in graffiti .
Three people walk away from the camera , and a man in a black shirt looks back .
A couple is walking in a building .
A Thai Buddhist temple is the center of commerce , widely dominated by telephone wires and oncoming traffic .
A mom and her child walking down the street hand in hand in town .
A shirtless man and three women walk outside near a street cafe .
People walking on a trail in a tree filled park .
A woman and child are walking .
The groom has just kiss the bride after they were pronounced man and wife , as she worn her white wedding gown carrying her white and pink bouquet , and as he worn his black tuxedo and white shirt .
A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride 's veil .
Many youth are gathered in a computer lab working at computers while wearing headphones .
A woman reads a book while sitting in a row of red chairs .
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .
A girl wearing black athletic clothing with the number 1102 on her jersey runs across some grass .
Woman wearing makeup and nail polish in a graduation gown .
Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling .
A man in a black costume and a woman in an orange costume are dueling in front of a crowd of spectators .
A woman dressed in black .
A young man sitting on a rock above a body of water , fishing rod in hand .
A young red-haired man is fishing and caught some seaweed .
A man throws a net off of a boat while children watch .
A woman holds a young boy who has a wooden spoon in his mouth .
A family in the desert .
Greyhounds racing chasing a mechanical rabbit around the track .
Four dogs in blue , green , red and black jerseys are racing .
Two cars are racing on a track while the audience watches from behind a fence .
Two Formula-1 cars are racing side by side on a track .
Dogs run at a dog racetrack .
A cat sits atop a sign looking down at the people below .
An old skinny man wearing the dirty white shirt riding on a bicycle on the street
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .
An asian girl is flashing the peace-sign .
A girl is riding her bike at night .
A bride in a light pink dress poses for a picture with male relatives and is being photographed by a man in a cream shirt with white pants .
A boy with his hands above his head stands on a cement pillar above the cobblestones .
A young man in a green shirt is making a purchase at a store .
Pictured is the captain of a boat ; he is steering .
A man packs up his toy airplane .
A racing car with man ads emblazoned on it rounds a corner on a racetrack with two cars close behind it .
An elderly man in a light blue coat works on a car on the roadside .
A man in black is walking to his truck in the snow .
two mechanics working on a drag racing car .
A boy is leaning on a car with flowers on the hood .
Five cyclists , all wearing the same uniforms , are riding one behind the other in a bicycle race .
A man in a uniform walking on a street with two cars and a tree .
A man that appears to be running in a marathon gives us 2 thumbs up .
A man giving two thumbs up as he runs a race .
A man in a green jacket working on a car .
A shirtless man is fishing , standing on large rocks that rest next to a boardwalk with a tall lamp post in the forefront .
A father-figure and two children outside their home doing yard work such as using a hoe on the grass and planting a tree .
A person holding a fishing pole next to the water .
A man stands on a blue boat , handling fishing nets .
New Mom plays with her young baby .
A man on a skateboard waits at the corner of a city street , with an overpass in the background .
A skateboarding young man 's soaring over rails , while city setting behind him looks so still .
A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .
A man is skateboarding on a road while another man watches from the sidewalk .
a skateboarder grinds a curb .
A girl sits on a decorated bike with a younger boy while another girl takes a picture .
A boy in a lavender shirt sits on his bike on a large gray dock .
Two little girls ride a bike together down a dusty road .
Man in a red shirt riding a trick bicycle on only the rear wheel .
A man relaxing after riding his bike .
A girl wearing black athletic clothing with the number 1102 on her jersey runs across some grass .
An Asian girl in glasses is laying in a deep pit of snow .
A girl dressed up in a red dress and a hat with long brown hair .
A woman dressed up in green , probably for St. Patrick 's day .
a woman twirling multicolored ribbons
A man attempts to start a flying model of a bi-plane with British air force rondel markings .
A man sits on a step with two duffel bags and a plastic bag by his sides .
A man sitting on a statue outdoors , near a woman standing next to him .
A clerk in a convenience store asks a customer buying alcohol for his age and identification .
A guy ready to make a purchase at a small shop .
A group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water .
Three men making happy gestures posing for a photograph
A boat with red , white and blue sails docking at a pier .
A man in Brazil giving an informal talk to young adults .
People stand outside behind a railing .
Two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side .
A group of people in black standing on a dock nearby a long structure .
Black women in bright skirts and tops are dancing .
A group of men using logs to push a boat out of the water .
A dance group performs in a parade in china .
The man with sunglasses and a striped shirt is walking down the street with three cases of beer .
A tattooed man pours a beer into the mouth of a thin blond man .
Two blond women are wearing white I love beer shirts .
An old man playing a game at the casino .
A film crew is filming a student in a classroom .
An Asian man in a green uniform shirt with a white speckled headband is using a torch to cook food in a restaurant .
A vendor on a busy street is selling food .
Woman selling bags of fruit on a sidewalk .
A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog .
A toddler mixes some food in a bowel .
A man wearing blue jeans , a blue shirt , and a green hat is holding a loudspeaker on a city street .
A group of people wearing snowshoes , and dressed for winter hiking , is standing in front of a building that looks like it 's made of blocks of ice .
Three workers bent over pulling grass .
Several men dressed in orange gather for an outdoor social event .
A large green metal ball is in a plaza .
Two children and a woman are sitting on a sofa , one of the children has a camera .
Several children are outdoors getting ready to play tug-of-war .
A man in a banana custom is carrying four children on his back .
Woman on four way seesaw with 2 kids .
Three young girls in arts and crafts room .
Two guys , one wearing a red costume and the other wearing a white top and black shorts , are playing beach volleyball .
A little girl wearing pink is running along a beach towards the water .
A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach .
Orange SUV drive by the shore .
A young girl running on the beach .
Two little boys eat McDonald 's while sitting at a table and chairs outside , where others are also eating .
Several groups of seniors eat food at different tables .
A woman in an apron drinking a coffee drink and eating a cookie .
a young woman is giving a baby a ride on her shoulders .
A family is standing under a very large tree .
A man wearing sunglasses , headphones and a dark coat is walking down the street .
A man walking in front of a colorful mural on a brick road .
Three people are pictured walking down and alleyway .
Small child is rollerskating while bicyclists ride around a track .
A student walking across campus .
A man dressed in black leather and a cowboy hat is walking around a Renaissance Festival .
Lady with a green mask at the dentist and she just look very unhappy .
A girl in a black shirt is smiling as she works behind a bar .
Women running on a soccer field .
Large woman in pink shirt putting on red lipstick .
A cat observing two little rabbits in a box of hay inside an wire enclosure , while a woman in a white sweater looks on .
A red-haired woman wearing black holds purple sticks and yarn which are part of a sewing kit set .
A girl with bright red-hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk .
Two dancers are practicing ballet technique .
A cat looking after the rabbits in a cage .
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper inside a newspaper stand .
A martial artist is practicing with a sword against a stick of bamboo .
Orange striped kitten biting blond girl on the nose
A man in a white helmet crouches while he skateboards .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
A man in sunglasses with a brown coat is smoking a cigarette and scratches his nose as patrons purchase items from a street stand .
A view of a pedestrian thoroughfare , featuring a man in a black apron and a white baseball cap standing in the middle of the image .
Two workers weld the bars of a fence near a busy suburban street .
A man , wearing revolutionary period clothes , is ringing a bell .
Two women having a conversation in a city area .
A woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background .
A brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other .
A photo is taken of a mirror reflection of a cafe .
Two young boys eat McDonalds for lunch .
A woman talks to her newborn child .
A sushi restaurant with a man cooking while in the background is a man and young boy sitting at a table .
Woman who just took pizza out of the oven and ca n't wait to eat it .
a restaurant cook getting ready to prepare a chicken to cook
A man watches a pan catch fire while cooking in the kitchen .
An Asian woman is cooking in an outdoor kitchen .
A man in an orange vest and yellow hard hat looks on as a yellow vehicle lays track .
A man wearing a gray shirt , blue jeans and a neon green safety vest is standing on a railroad track with a white truck and a white building in the background .
A worker in a yellow jacket is hoisted up high to work on a building .
A man in a vest is sitting in a chair and holding magazines .
A man in a vest works outside .
A group of colorful children in a room with a green carpet on the maroon floors .
An old man in a green shirt is walking down a paved path with three small children .
A woman is standing and talking to a group of children .
children ride bikes in what appears to be an impoverished nation .
Children sitting and writing .
man standing at a counter in a convenience store with a woman on the other side of the counter wearing a white shirt looking at him very expectantly .
A man in red shirt displays his fighting technique on another man in gray shirt .
A man wearing red gloves is holding a red basket .
A boy riding his scooter with sunglasses on .
A boy with writing on his hand is standing in a store .
A chinese man wearing glasses sitting on a chair holding a green beverage .
An Asian man is standing outside of a restaurant wearing a purple shirt and purple bandanna .
A man prepares his local stand for the days business .
Man in illuminate jacket with headphones on looking .
Two people , dressed in red , dancing .
A lone man standing a rock shore looking downward at a inland body of water with a blue ocean or other large body of water behind him extending into the horizon of a blue sky .
A shirtless man in black shorts is standing on the rocky shore to a large body of water .
Young child and woman with glasses playing with toys on a red rug .
A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water .
New Mom plays with her young baby .
A blond woman pours a glass of wine in a dim restaurant .
A man listens to his cellphone while watching another man in sunglasses .
Two young females talk and text as they stare into the distance .
A man drinks from a wineglass while reading the paper .
A man is drinking out of a yellow cup .
A group of boys in swim gear is playing in a field surrounded by trees .
A group of children are sitting and standing in a building with a red floor .
A woman and three kids play at a park .
Elementary school students play tug-of-war .
Children play on a jungle gym .
An older gentleman , dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt , tosses a small red ball on the beach .
An elderly man tossing a red rubber ball on the beach .
A black-and-white dog goes for a flattened ball on the snow .
A dog is playing fetch with a ball .
A terrier chasing a red ball .
A man wearing a hat and a white shirt is cleaning windows .
A man in a black shirt uses a yellow bulldozer .
The African American man protests against unlawful sex .
An older man is opening his arms wide and looking perplexed .
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
A man in blue overalls and red shirt holding a chainsaw .
A person in a white t-shirt , military print cap and red bandanna with a skeleton on it covering most of the person 's face .
A man in a white martial arts robe attempts to submit his opponent wearing a blue robe .
His eyes filled with joyous expectation , a skier prepares for a jump .
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill .
A woman in a yellow and red outfit is squinting at a computer screen while holding a mouse .
A worker in a yellow suit and red hat is working high above the city .
A man and woman talking are interrupted and a man covers his face .
heavy machinery in a construction zone .
A man in a vest works outside .
A man in a brown shirt and glasses plays a guitar and sings into a microphone .
Man standing on the sidewalk next to the street holding a guitar .
A older man playing the accordion outside in the street .
A man sits while playing the guitar .
A man on the street playing a guitar .
Several older men , some in traditional headdress convene on a street corner .
Three kids are bouncing on large rubber balls in a grass field as other people watch .
Two men standing in front of the bean in Chicago .
Two people sit on a grassy lawn in front of a building .
A man inhaling smoke from a smoke-pot
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him , in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables .
A young Caucasian child and another adult lady are playing with a house made out of Legos .
A shirtless man in jean shorts fishing off the rocks .
A man in a black shirt fishing on a rocky shore .
This is a clown at an elementary school .
A boy and girl ride in the front of a small train labeled " Mississippi Train " .
Several Asian men wearing black clothing in some kind of station .
Three teenagers in a subway playing around .
A man in a black suite sitting in a train tunnel .
Man on train starring out a window .
Two girls wearing pink have their hands in or near a fountain in a shopping complex where people throw coins in it .
two females in a sitting down in a highly populated area .
2 blond girls are sitting on a ledge in a crowded plaza .
Two young girls dressed in pink reach into wishing fountain at mall .
People are sitting around and playing in a fountain .
Someone is lunging for a soccer ball near a net in a game of water soccer .
Two football players compete for the ball while another teammate looks on .
A female soccer player in a yellow uniform in a soccer field .
Kids compete to gain possession of the soccer ball .
Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs .
Two men sitting in front of a building and a field of grass in front of them .
People look on as participants in a marathon pass by .
Young people in sombreros enjoy shots and drinks .
Two men in robes next to a large structure .
Whole Foods hosts a " City Picnic . "
A little girl is sleeping with a book on her chest next to a doll .
Two middle-aged men are jumping for joy on a beautiful beach surrounded by rocks .
A lady dressed in blue running a marathon .
Two feet and a surfboard emerging from a wave .
A car parked at the beach .
Two nuns , one with paper in her hand , and the other holding a bag .
Two towers made of flashy fabric with weird heads on top of them are facing each other on a roadway .
Four middle-aged men stand behind a fence in the midst of a forest .
Crowds of people are all riding bicycles .
Park Ranger looking very stern today
An individual wearing blue latex gloves is compressing foods into juice with the aid of an instrument .
A man in an orange hard hat and orange jumpsuit is about to grab onto a large blue hose .
A man in a white martial arts robe attempts to submit his opponent wearing a blue robe .
A man in orange working under dim lighting .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
Three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .
A man holding a chicken while he wears a mischievous grin on his face .
A man cooks with a pot on the stove in the kitchen , two other men observe .
Indian man whittles in his own home .
A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen .
Elderly woman with green sweater picking out produce in outdoor market .
An employee is handing a woman a bag while she is browsing through fish on ice at a street market .
Young man with a cigarette placing food on a paper plate .
A check with a green shirt uses a blowtorch on some food .
An Asian woman is selling colorful fabrics .
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
A woman with a bag , talking on her cellphone , standing on the corner of the street , waiting to cross .
Passerby walk about in a busy Asian street .
A man , wearing revolutionary period clothes , is ringing a bell .
A tourist photographing tall buildings .
Two male friends in swimming trunks jump on the beach while people in the background lay in the sand .
A person surfing through a crashing wave in the ocean .
A lady dressed in blue running a marathon .
A large group of people are running a marathon through a city .
A woman plays volleyball .
An old man with arms outstretched sits against a wooden wall between a woman and another man .
A man in a striped t-shirt and khakis stands at the counter of a convenience store while the female attendant faces him .
A man with tattoo 's is reflecting light to a stage .
A man is using electronic equipment .
A man shaving his gray beard .
An woman wearing a light-blue shirt adjusts her hair while sitting at a table .
A smiling man wearing a backpack holds his fists up in front of a boy in glasses .
An adult Asian male instructs a group of Asian children .
a man either giving or viewing a powerpoint presentation .
A young man is sitting in front of a drum .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
A couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
Nine cheerleaders perform acrobatics behind a row of chairs .
A man and woman are locked arms sitting down and all dressed up .
A couple shares a kiss holding a bouquet .
Two young boys sitting on a sunlit floor smiling and holding a black lab puppy .
A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots .
A woman watching over her two bunnies and curious cat .
A happy woman is preparing a refreshment at a coffee shop .
A woman wearing a hat with making bread .
Players in the red and white uniforms and bystanders are standing on a soccer field .
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair .
A man and woman watching a sports event in a stadium .
A young women 's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise .
Some boys playing soccer in the sand
Woman with yellow button up shirt and jeans is making beautiful pottery etchings into one of her works of art .
A blond woman displays a written poster for crowds to view .
A male and female singing a song together outside .
A woman is skying in a snowy area wearing warm clothing .
A smiling man is holding a tool .
A man dressed in black shorts , a black t-shirt , and a backwards black baseball cap is talking to a man wearing a striped shirt and shorts while standing behind a truck .
An Asian man makes faces for the camera .
The people are quietly listening while the story of the ice cabin was explained to them .
A group of men standing on the street .
A man stands on a mountaintop .
The Dali Lama during a reception where participants have brought carnations , parasols and prayer flags .
Many people in a street protesting the use of coal in power plants .
A man is presenting a certificate to three young sumo wrestlers .
Three men are cheering in kitchen .
A man inhaling smoke from a smoke-pot
A man in a construction supply area , wearing blue jeans and bluish gray t-shirt , caries a bundle of metal on his shoulder
A man is standing next to a billboard advertising 9-11 conspiracy theories .
A young man in a green shirt is making a purchase at a store .
Two well-dressed men chat .
Teenager standing up with a headband on
A man moves dirt using a large construction vehicle .
A gloved hand holds what appears to be an oversize nail against a log .
A man in a blue shirt gesticulates as he speaks to a uniformed official .
The elderly man is enjoying time in the park visiting with friends .
There is a large man getting shaved .
Woman holding a sandwich in one hand and a cup in another hand , with her purse hanging on her shoulder .
Two boys eat their McDonalds lunch in an outdoor seating area surrounded by many other people .
A woman is getting ready to eat on the side of a road .
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .
a woman holding a cookie and coffee
A woman in a pick shirt is holding a shovel near a woman in brown sweeping , while a third woman sits on a stoop .
Young pretty blond women holding a tennis racket dressed as if to begin a tennis match .
A young woman in a fashionable tennis outfit between volleys .
A woman is skying in a snowy area wearing warm clothing .
A woman in a white shirt is holding a rope .
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
An Asian girl in glasses is laying in a deep pit of snow .
A woman wearing a black hat grinds flour using two stones .
A woman named Amanda is applying lipstick to her lips .
A woman with glasses is undergoing a dental procedure .
Two boys , one wearing a blue shirt , the other wearing a muscle shirt , facing each other on a brick wall , next to a culvert .
Two young men in long jackets stand under an umbrella in front of a brick wall with graffiti .
Two men in suits standing under an umbrella , next to a wall covered in graffiti .
A mural of children on a brick wall .
A woman makes fabric in a village .
The groom has just kiss the bride after they were pronounced man and wife , as she worn her white wedding gown carrying her white and pink bouquet , and as he worn his black tuxedo and white shirt .
Two men in white plastic chairs sitting in a doorway .
A girl with brown hair sitting on a lawn chair .
A young couple sits on the sidewalk and relaxes together .
A woman in a sweater is laughing .
A man strolling down the sidewalk wearing a red shirt and jeans .
A man wearing a red t-shirt and jeans is walking outside a shop with green and white checkered walls .
The people are walking up the ramp and the man in walking on the road .
Three men are walking up hill .
Two children are walking by a pond
A group of kids with an adult in the background coaching them while they are pulling on a green rope .
A young adult is doing a back flip on a trampoline near a lake .
A woman is standing and talking to a group of children .
A group of students sit and listen to the speaker .
Kids are sitting on a man in a banana suit .
The white dog is running in the shallow water .
Dog standing in grass playing with green flying disc
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle .
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A woman is throwing a red Frisbee toward a brown dog .
Four dog owners stand with their three prize winning dogs .
Two black dogs , a black puppy , and a white dog in the snow .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
The woman and three dogs are in a field .
two dogs playing with a ball .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake .
A little boy chases ducks through the leaves .
man laying on the ground looking at a boy .
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
A child sitting at a restaurant table holding a paper mask against his face .
People sitting at tables at some sort of festival .
A lady with blond-hair and glasses works hard to clean up her table .
A group of men are sitting around a table .
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe .
a woman peering over the edge of a boat while a man walks behind her
A older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell on a street .
An old man with glasses hugs a young woman at a gathering of quite a few people .
Man and woman kissing on sidewalk next to a parked car .
A man is giving some kind of magic presentation to a family .
A group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water .
A small group of women in traditional dark blue and white kimonos and sandals dancing in front of a tall brown brick church .
middle-aged man in white shorts and flip-flops looking up the road
Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean .
People leaning on a railing .
Two men sitting on a cart being drawn by a horse down a cobblestone street .
A blond cowboy is riding a bucking bronco at the rodeo .
Two men are sitting in a horse drawn cart with potatoes in the back .
Hispanics are on horseback trying to wrangle a free horse .
This is a man dressed in yellow holding the reign of a brown horse
An individual wearing blue latex gloves is compressing foods into juice with the aid of an instrument .
A man with glasses looks at camera while another man in a blue shirt looks intently at something .
A man in a white martial arts robe attempts to submit his opponent wearing a blue robe .
An attractive young New York City policewoman pauses on the sidewalk .
A person is swinging by a cord over the ocean .
A woman pounding something with a rock , with a guinea pig in the background .
A solitary woman uses a large primitive mortar and pestle to crush plant material as she stands in a stubble field .
A plump woman with a pink shirt and black hair is applying red lipstick to her lips .
Young people are standing in the store .
A woman wearing a hat with making bread .
A man in a hat and a man in glasses talk on the side of the road as a man walks past them .
Two men work under the hood of a white race car .
Three men standing around a car on a racetrack .
The cars are racing around the track .
A man gives a thumbs up sign during his race .
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
Shaft of light in a cave shows three spelunkers
Two individual climbing up a steep mountain .
A woman peeks out from behind a rock with the ocean in the background .
Person in white shirt and blue shorts in the water next to a big rock .
The winners 1st , 2nd , and 3rd of a event posing for a picture each holding flowers .
Two men work under the hood of a white race car .
The partially obscured car is visible to the man in uniform .
Man in black standing by parked car in the snow .
A boy is leaning on a car with flowers on the hood .
A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .
Some Asian men are sitting while others are standing around .
Four girls and a lady learning how to do some crafts .
A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella and talk .
People are sitting at tables .
A singer with medium-short curly white hair , wearing a white sleeveless t-shirt , is accompanied by a guitarist who has long white hair and wears a black shirt .
A man in dress clothing playing a brown piano .
A older man playing the accordion outside in the street .
A rock band playing on stage with the lead guitarist wearing white striped pants and the lead singer in a black shirt and jeans with the bass player in the background .
A man performs on the keyboard .
A group of men gathered around a table preparing to play a card game .
People looking over several colored pieces of paper spread on a table .
Several elderly men are grouped around a table .
A family having a turkey dinner .
Three men sit outside of a cafe .
A woman dressed in a red bikini is jumping up in the sand to reach the volleyball hitting it with the palm of her hand while people in the arena watch .
A person surfing through a crashing wave in the ocean .
A woman in a purple bikini sunbathes on a towel beside water .
Little girl in arm floaties exploring the coast line .
two males playing volleyball on the beach .
Two people wearing hats are standing in a field tending to a crop .
Several construction workers with orange safety vests are digging into the ground .
Three men in reflective vests doing yard work in a field .
Men shoveling snow on a sidewalk in a city .
Several workers wearing hard hats dig a hole .
Blond man crossing street , in white shirt and red t-shirt , carrying a white bag .
A man in a white shirt doing some kind of work on a street .
A dude is wearing gloves while doing laundry .
A man sits on a small chair on a sidewalk .
The young lady is giving the old man a hug .
A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence .
A man in a red jacket and a child with a mohawk dig with shovels at a park near the beach .
A man in a banana custom is carrying four children on his back .
A Family going for a walk in a park .
Three young boys play outside .
In rural outdoors , blond woman sits on roof of yellow BMW vehicle , two people inside .
Two children are sitting on a stool on the front outside of a white door .
A girl wearing camouflage pants sits on top of a Hummer .
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum .
A smiling woman holding a smiling child .
An old women in pink and wearing hat is squeezing her eyes while looking at something .
An employee is handing a woman a bag while she is browsing through fish on ice at a street market .
Woman and dog selling her wares on the old building steps outside .
Two men selling fruit at a fruit market .
A man in a gray wife beater grilling .
Two guys in front of a souvenir shop , with one guy in a red scarf talking on the phone .
A soldier talks with a colleague with his wife beside him .
A woman with long hair is talking to two men in uniform .
A crowded commercial area in the evening .
A man and two girls are talking and drinking wine .
The dog tries to bite the water coming out of the sprinkler .
A fluffy black-and-white dog runs from three people on a sandy beach .
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .
a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out
A black and a yellow dog
A child is walking through a puddle wearing green sandals
A group of young teenagers are jumping at night making funny poses for the camera .
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
A child wearing a jersey jumps in the air .
Teens doing there best at a jump photo .
A red vehicle is being reflected in a store window while two casually dressed middle-aged men walk and converse .
A woman and two men , that are dressed professionally , are having a discussion .
A man is reading the newspaper while drinking a glass of wine .
Two men sit talking near a stone building .
Three people drinking and having a good time .
A young woman in a red sweater and jeans sits on the ledge of a red gazebo on a sunny day .
A boy and girl standing together on the pavement as they look at an object .
A small African child carries a younger child on his back .
Two people sitting under a tree picking a green vegetable .
The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on .
Two brown dogs run across a large snowy yard .
One dog leaps to catch a softball while another looks on .
Two brown dogs playing in a rough manner .
The woman and three dogs are in a field .
Three dogs affectionately playing
With the daintiest of feet , the slightest little oriental girls float across the stage perched upon square ballet toes .
Four females of Asian descent are wearing golden dresses while performing point ballet .
Musicians play guitar and brass instruments underneath a white roof .
A tribal performance of dance and song of three individuals .
Two doctors perform an operation .
Two law enforcement officers standing near one another with an open air market in the background .
Two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot , at night .
Group of people near a water fountain and a city skyline .
A man in blue shorts and sitting in the pool watches a boy get out of the water .
Two policemen standing in a parking lot .
A chinese man wearing glasses sitting on a chair holding a green beverage .
A man driving a four wheeled vehicle with four passengers riding on the front and a man sitting sideways on the back .
Young man in warm coat outside storefront .
A girl in black clothes leads the way in a race .
The man is on his knees while reading to the two women .
Four dog owners stand with their three prize winning dogs .
Two black and one white dog interacting in the grass .
Three dogs play with each other out in the field .
A group of dogs stand in the snow .
The two dogs are running into the woods .
A woman sitting on a bench next to someone wearing a hat and sitting in a wheelchair .
A man holding a dog sitting on a bench overlooking a lake .
Two women talking to one another while a man looks on .
A man and his dog watch the sunset from a bench .
a man holds his dog near a pond .
Two young men dressed in black stand next to each other looking at something .
A group of young people dance at a club .
People gathered on a sidewalk listening to a man play an instrument .
Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass .
Old men stand on the street .
A mother and two children opening gifts on a Christmas morning .
A small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background
Older women and younger girl are opening presents up .
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum .
A girl in a purple dress crying on the floor .
Three people dressed in blue , white and black leotards are being held up by the hands of a set of two people each on the ground dressed in the same outfit as people look on .
A girl stands up with a glass of beer to make a toast at a couple 's wedding .
A student reads a book while others enjoy art photography in a gallery .
People sit in green chairs at tables in the street .
An exhibit of artistic black and white photos .
A man in a red shirt is smiling with food in front of him while seated at a table on an outside deck .
Two boys eat their McDonalds lunch in an outdoor seating area surrounded by many other people .
An elderly man with a camouflage hat and plaid jacket sitting in a chair .
Two women and a man are having a discussion at an event .
A woman in a blue shirt in the wild .
A man with brown hair and a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .
One young man is looking at coffee makers in a store .
A man in a black leather coat is standing in front of a sign .
A man is watching something in the sky .
The groom has just kiss the bride after they were pronounced man and wife , as she worn her white wedding gown carrying her white and pink bouquet , and as he worn his black tuxedo and white shirt .
A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride 's veil .
A child in a striped shirt walks by some red chairs .
A bride and groom kiss under the bride 's veil .
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .
A woman dressed in a red bikini is jumping up in the sand to reach the volleyball hitting it with the palm of her hand while people in the arena watch .
The baby walks on the gold and sandy-colored beach with water splashing behind him .
A group of spectators watch a men 's sand volleyball game .
A female beach volleyball player serving the ball .
Men playing volleyball in the sand .
A crowd of people walking down the middle of a city street .
A girl in green with glittery fairy wings holds a woman 's hand as they walk down a path in a park .
City street with ice cream vendor and some people walking a man riding a motorcycle .
A crowd is assembled in a street .
Three people walking uphill
Three Asian women are standing together smiling , the one with red-hair is holding up the peace sign with her fingers .
A streetlight lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars .
Against a backdrop of scenic snowcapped mountains , a bike rider appears .
A man in black is riding his bike .
A dirt biker riding on a familiar trail .
An older man in a cane holding an umbrella while walking through an outdoor market .
A child plays in a box on the side of the street , as people look on and smile .
A shirtless man and three women walk outside near a street cafe .
An old man with an umbrella and cane walking down the street
Two women are walking on a footpath .
An old man with arms outstretched sits against a wooden wall between a woman and another man .
A man in yellow pants and wearing no shirt is being watched by many people .
One young man is looking at coffee makers in a store .
A man stands on his motorcycle while doing a wheelie .
A man carrying steel beams across a lumberyard .
Several men , one in a dark sweater and glasses and another in a white sweatshirt , are walking through the center of a college campus .
Two men walk up a ramp , as another man in a blue shirt walks along a road below them .
A man sits on a fence while a group of people walks on the sidewalk in front of him .
Two figures are walking by a pond .
Some plants are growing near the window .
Four dog owners stand with their three prize winning dogs .
There are two Boston terriers biting at each other .
Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area .
Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field .
Two boxers playfully snap at each other .
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man 's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together .
Three people are walking up a mountain trail , while one woman is looking at her camera .
The ladies who went shopping are walking past the restaurant .
Three men are walking up hill .
Two men and a woman walking together .
A young girl with a dirty face and pink shirt lays her head on the chest of an older woman in coral .
A person playing sports in the snow is crouched down .
A man is practicing his kicks on a punching bag in a gym .
A snowboarder in an orange coat is in the middle of a jump .
A young person is kayaking in blue water .
A woman in a red shirt raising her arm to the passing crowd below .
An overweight woman with long black hair in a pink shirt with a name tag is applying lipstick .
A person wearing glasses is prepped for some kind of dental work .
A woman blowing on a milkweed in a field .
A woman in jeans walks by a bus with an ad depicting a woman peering over her sunglasses .
a woman in a pink coat with the fur lined hood up , with black pants and brown shoes sitting on a bench near a pop machine with a striped yellow bag by her side .
A man , woman , and two young boys are sitting on a bench with flowers in the background .
Man holds his face in his palm sitting on a bench .
A man sitting on a bench under a large tree .
Woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands by a metal tiered shelf in an industrial kitchen , holding the top edge of the metal structure , with one leg resting on the knee of the other leg .
A woman , wearing a yellow apron , is taking the lid off of a large pot .
An Asian man is cooking food outdoors .
A cook is posing for a camera while cooking .
Two men are cooking meat on the grill .
A man with a bright reflective vest and headphones is standing next to a man with a suit and scarf .
Two people are kissing on a sidewalk in front of a limo while people walk by .
A couple kissing in front of a black Mercedes Benz limousine
A person in a bandanna stands on the street in front his things .
Men spot welding on a the sidewalk of a city street .
Two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk , one of the women is carrying a child on her shoulders .
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by .
A group of people walking up stairs surrounded by buildings covered in graffiti .
2 males walking about on a street corner .
People climbing up stairs with graffiti behind them .
Two people are silhouetted against a lake reflecting a painted sky .
Two women enjoy the entertainment of street performers .
A man with a cowboy hat , cane and suspenders walks down a country road .
A man is sitting in the snow watching as a group of people are walking by .
People are walking by stores and window shopping .
People standing around incense , wafting the smoke into their faces .
Many people in blue jeans stand in front of a white church .
3 guys ham it up in front of the camera .
A choir group is gathered together in a church .
Two monks are visiting a big city .
A lone man sits in a dark room before a desk , reading an internet article on the computer .
A gymnast wearing red and white is mid-twirl on an uneven bar .
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines .
christmas tree lights hang on the ceiling .
two guys drinking beer outside on a bench .
An silver-haired man stands on the cobblestones of an open-air square playing the accordion .
Two guys performing rock concert , one has short blond-hair who is singing , and the second has long blond-hair and is jamming out on his guitar .
A man wearing a all black and playing a piano .
A man sits in a chair watching people stroll by .
A woman is playing guitar on stage
A woman wearing a pink shirt and a name tag which reads " Amanda " applies lipstick to her upper lip , her mouth moderately open .
An oriental person in a red shirt and black pants crouching over a purse on concrete .
Two young boys pose with a puppy for a family picture .
Two African American women without helmets are riding on a scooter , the passenger is waving to the camera .
A row of bikers wearing red and black .
A crowd of people run a marathon in a cityscape with two skyscrapers in the background .
A woman in a two piece swimsuit is on the beach looking at her foot .
A young child sleeping in her bed with an open book on her chest .
A man on the beach jumps to hit a volleyball .
A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs on dirt .
A guy wearing shorts and a white t-shirt is skateboarding down the road , while someone sits and watches him from the curb .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
A young man hits a spectacular pose on a rail midair on his skateboard .
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .
Boy sits on his skateboard on the elevators .
A man with brown hair and a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
This man plays music while someone 's belongings hang from a nearby tree .
A male worker with his tool box is kneeling next to two women .
A young man and women near a large metal sculpture
A British military man is raising his hat .
a boy in a stripy shirt is playing with a soccer ball in a grassy park in front of some bushes .
A soccer player in a yellow jersey is standing alone on the field .
Players in yellow jerseys are on the field .
Kids compete to gain possession of the soccer ball .
A man is kicking a soccer ball .
A lady wearing a headset and a microphone talking on the phone and standing next to a light pole waiting to cross the street .
A view of a pedestrian thoroughfare , featuring a man in a black apron and a white baseball cap standing in the middle of the image .
A man and a woman read a book while their friend has a drink .
A man with a hat is taking a photo in a busy city .
Person standing with a cart on wheels in front of a brick building .
A man and woman , dressed in white , embrace each other while their actions go unnoticed to the other people in the background .
A view of a pedestrian thoroughfare , featuring a man in a black apron and a white baseball cap standing in the middle of the image .
A dude is wearing gloves while doing laundry .
A woman with a push-to-talk cellphone and headset waiting at a crosswalk .
A man walks in the city .
A couple embrace and kiss on the sidewalk in front of a parked limo as a pedestrian walks by them .
In this photo there is a family of four dashing across a busy street in the city .
An old man with glasses hugs a young woman at a gathering of quite a few people .
People stand and walk on a brick sidewalk wearing jackets and warm clothes .
A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man .
A Thai Buddhist temple is the center of commerce , widely dominated by telephone wires and oncoming traffic .
A young man holding a cup , standing in front of an archway to an old stone building .
City street with ice cream vendor and some people walking a man riding a motorcycle .
A man walking in front of a colorful wall mural .
A couple is walking in a building .
A group of young men in sports uniforms from two opposing teams are in vigorous play on a grassy field .
A Pride softball team member hits the ball and runs towards first base while the umpire and catcher watch the ball .
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat .
A man wearing a tank-top and a baseball cap holding a camera .
A blond child swinging on a swing .
A boy and girl ride in the front of a small train labeled " Mississippi Train " .
An african American police officer and woman stand at the front of a bus .
Police officer watching woman exit from bus .
A man in a suit is sitting at a bus stop .
Police motorcycle waiting at a red light .
Two men , one in a green jacket and one in a red jacket , are trying to build a fire in the woods .
A group of young people dance at a club .
Five musicians , of varying ages , play together in a living room .
Six people are sitting behind two kayaks .
A large green metal ball is in a plaza .
A crowd of business travelers lined up at a busy terminal , with many Asian members , one listening to earbuds , and one checking his mobile phone .
A group of adults and children are riding on a train ride .
Older man riding public transportation while reading a newspaper .
Many men in suits waiting , one man is on his cellphone .
Young kids are on a small train ride .
An woman wearing a light-blue shirt adjusts her hair while sitting at a table .
A youth with a black shirt that says " Asian Pacific 2007 " plays a drum while sitting .
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it .
A man in a plaid shirt shows off a black set of gloves .
A businessman giving a powerpoint presentation .
This is a view through a ribbed glass ceiling looking down on a bunch of people eating in a cafeteria setting .
A young Asian mother is attempting to get her baby to rest .
A child is laying on a beige rug laughing .
A baby playing with her toys looking at a black and white cat .
Man eats while holding a baby
three musicians on a stage , two are guitarists , and one is wearing a hat , black striped pants , strumming a red electric guitar , and the other guitarist is strumming a white guitar while the other musician is wearing blue jeans and a black t-shirt and singing .
Man with white hair playing an accordion in the middle of some buildings .
Man wearing black playing a very large guitar-like instrument .
Two women on the street , one is playing the guitar and the other is playing violin .
A guy sitting on a chair tunes his guitar .
A man in a green hard hat and yellow vest is looking down .
Man in bright yellow vest displays bicycle safety information on street .
A person in a bright yellow vest and hard hat is standing by the railroad tracks .
heavy machinery in a construction zone .
A person sitting on train tracks is selling food .
Four men in green , red , gray , and white shirts standing near a blue handrail smiling for a picture .
A man in a blue t-shirt is speaking into a blow horn towards a large group of people with bicycles .
A semi trailer is inside a building , and people are gathered behind its open rear door where there are displays being set up .
Two people standing outside next to blow up toys and dumpsters .
Two gentlemen outside beside a log .
A man on a utility lift is standing in the tree branches .
A man in a green t-shirt walks down a beach , carrying his tennis shoes .
A man wearing red gloves is holding a red basket .
A man jumps and poses for photographers lying on the ground .
Two gay men in a room kissing .
A man wearing an orange suit with his face painted white is holding a guitar above his shoulder .
a band performs before their fans as they put their hands in the air .
Women , wearing traditional clothing , are reenacting native life .
A girl playing trumpet in a marching band .
A band plays a concert for fans .
A man with a striped shirt , blue jeans and a red kerchief in his pocket is being thrown off a brown irate horse while a brown and tan horse is buckling while the crowd is watching
A man seated on a platform with wheels is being pulled by a burrow .
a black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass .
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country .
A man at a rodeo who may have fell off the horse .
Four adults and a little blond girl walk up a set of outside stairs lead by a lady in a pink shirt .
A man wearing a black hat , white shirt , and black slacks is walking down a road with a cane .
Two people are walking past a girl who is in a card board box on a sidewalk .
A woman and a child are walking down a street .
The man with the cane is on a walk .
A young man with a denim jacket and writing on his hand smiles in front of a bookcase full of videos .
Two teams , one clad in green and white and the other in black and white , face off on a grass field .
There is a man with yellow pants and a man with black pants .
A man in an alley with his mule .
Two gay men in a room kissing .
A motorcyclist dressed in green with a green motorcycle is jumping over a row of green motorcycles
A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track .
A man is sitting in a barber 's chair getting ready for a shave .
A man in a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
A man working on a ticket box .
A blond , fair-skinned baby in a pink top and bib sits in a highchair and eats a biscuit .
A baby boy in a blue and white striped shirt is sitting on his mother 's shoulders .
A man eating a sandwich with his baby daughter in his lap .
A man eating at an outdoor restaurant
Children are eating food at a table .
A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier .
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .
An elderly man sitting outside on a chair with a guitar next to him .
A guy wearing a white shirt is playing a white guitar .
Four people playing instruments on a public place .
Marathon runners are racing on a city street , with other people standing around .
An older man is hugging a younger woman in a dark room with people in the background .
Two workers weld the bars of a fence near a busy suburban street .
Two dancers performing in the spotlight , on stage .
A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man .
A lady with a white tank top holds a blue yard style cocktail cup with her black tank topped phone holding a phone .
A man on a brown coat is talking to a man with black pants and a man in a suit .
A woman with long hair is talking to two men in uniform .
A man is talking on a cellphone outside .
Have a quick chat and smoke break .
A man with a blue shirt and gray apron cuts fish at an outdoor market .
His gray clothes blended in with the stainless steel appliances of the cafeteria 's kitchen .
An asian woman demonstrating cooking with margarine in a public place
A man watches a pan catch fire while cooking in the kitchen .
An Asian woman is cooking in an outdoor kitchen .
A shot haired woman in a white shirt giving a long-haired woman in a red shirt a manicure .
A man in a straw hat and white shirt at an outdoor art gallery
Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella .
A woman in a pink sweater cleaning a dining table .
Seniors gathered around a table .
A bike rider is airborne with a daytime sky in the background .
An extreme cyclist stops to rest as the sun sets in the background .
A man wearing a white and blue striped shirt stands outside .
A pool player lines up his shot , as friends stand by awaiting their turn .
A man smoking a cigarette in front of a horizontal garage .
A woman in a pick shirt is holding a shovel near a woman in brown sweeping , while a third woman sits on a stoop .
A woman wearing a white shirt works out on an elliptical machine .
An older lady uses a Stair Climber in non-work out clothes .
A woman is skying in a snowy area wearing warm clothing .
two boys on a balance beam holding a rope
We see the backs of a young Asian girl with a green shirt and a red hat holding hands with a young Asian girl with a striped pink shirt and a pink hat by the pool .
A man sweeps a sidewalk outside of a brick building during the day .
Two little girls in pink hats hold hands while wading in water .
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn .
Two girls walk down across a parking lot .
A group of medical students dressed in blue scrubs , visitor sitting on the wall enjoy some fresh air .
Lady with a green mask at the dentist and she just look very unhappy .
A woman wearing black pants and black jacket is holding a pair of glasses .
Native woman being constructive with her hands .
The children are looking upward while waving their arms .
A long-haired skateboarder is about to exit a clean nosegrind on a public handrail , unaware of his surroundings while ignoring the negative public perception of skateboarders .
Young man sitting on a skateboard , holding a cellphone , and posing on the escalator .
A young man rides a skateboard down a town road with a yellow railing behind him .
A skateboarder in a black t-shirt and jeans skating threw the city .
A man jumping onto a platform .
A man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event .
Man in shorts standing by the water .
A man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment .
A man is using electronic equipment .
Teenager standing up with a headband on
Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing with a crowd looking on .
A man on a scaffold in front of a house is smiling and posing for the photographer .
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside .
A woman raising the anchors on a boat .
A smiling man is holding a tool .
Two women in shorts are running on the beach next to the water .
A surfer who fell off his surfboard in the ocean while trying to ride a wave .
A rhythmic gymnast in a blue and pink outfit performs a ribbon routine .
A woman who is running , with blue shorts .
A car parked at the beach .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
Number 3 at a soccer game is looking to see where to put the ball back into play from the sideline .
A boy in a blue jersey kicks a soccer ball into the head of a boy in an orange jersey .
Two boys practicing passing a soccer ball .
A boy in midair trying to kick a soccer ball
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
A person in a hood is standing in front of a run down building .
Runners who are competing sprint down the street .
People stand and walk on a brick sidewalk wearing jackets and warm clothes .
Three people are gathered for a picture .
A man in a black shirt and gray pants holds his luggage at what appears to be an airport .
A man is holding a strange sign while a little boy and his parent are walking by .
A man in a white shirt is driving a tractor and dumping a load of sand .
A man in an alley with his mule .
Man standing on rock with outstretched hands .
Group of people outside , holding a banner with blue text on it .
Outside a building , a uniformed security guard looks at the camera from behind a fence .
Some people standing around a smoke pit thing .
A group of men are standing beside a blue railing for a picture .
A crowd of guards standing on a sidewalk .
A lady wearing a headset and a microphone talking on the phone and standing next to a light pole waiting to cross the street .
A middle-aged man standing in the middle of a crowd looking the other way .
A man and woman wait to cross a busy street in the city .
A man , wearing revolutionary period clothes , is ringing a bell .
A lady standing at a crosswalk .
A group of five dark-skinned people sitting at what looks to be a farmer 's market right behind a fruit that is green and spiky .
A naked baby makes a face while helping someone stir food
There are two men standing beside a market of fruits and vegetables .
The woman is at marketplace buying fish from an Arabic person .
an old woman selling fresh spices .
A small group of Asian youths gathered on the sidewalk looking into camera and playing around .
Three people pose with their political signs out in public .
The large round sculpture is surrounded by a brick plaza .
A male and female watching something interesting .
Four people are sitting at the top of a hill .
A boy and a girl are sitting on a bench looking at something they each have in a small paper cup .
The lady wearing black rimmed glasses and a yellow sweater jacket looks confused as she sits on the tan covered bench .
A woman is sitting on a bench next to a person in a wheelchair .
Two adults and two children pose on a park bench .
Three people are sitting on a wooden bench .
Construction workers in orange and yellow vests with jeans work on a street .
Protesters holding picket signs up , man in center with a blue I<3NY shirt .
Two people on motorbikes are riding past construction .
Construction workers in orange talking .
Two men wearing hats .
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket .
The boys are having fun jumping off the bridge into the water .
Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks .
Family standing in a small village .
A man with no shirt fishing .
Two odd statue like costumes are being worn in a street , they are surrounded by others at what appears to be a festival .
Several young people congregating by two canoes .
Four men sit cross legged on top of a blue , yellow , and white rug , smiling at the camera .
A circular piece of architecture is in this city .
A crowd of guards standing on a sidewalk .
A man working on a little girl 's purple tricycle .
Three men in red and white striped shirts , white pants , and black hats hold flags .
A cyclist checking his gear for his sunset bike ride .
Two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle .
Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture
On a rainy day , near a river , many people are standing with umbrellas and raincoats near a fountain that features a central stone statue while others stand in line .
People are walking in the rain with umbrellas and raincoats around the fountain .
A group of people watching a performer on a sidewalk .
A crowd gathered around a park water fountain in the rain .
Umbrellas and junk sitting in a messy room .
Important political man in gray suit talks to man in darker green suit about the woman in the lighter green jacket .
A bald man walking down a city sidewalk while talking on his cellphone .
A man talks on a cellphone while walking through an empty alley .
Two army soldiers and a woman talking in an office .
Two men in army uniforms stand next to a woman .
A group of people standing on the lawn in front of a building .
Many people in blue jeans stand in front of a white church .
Some nature hikers stop to examine a log along the path .
Two female soldiers standing in a crowd .
Four men sit on a church 's steps .
A group of costumed adults , including a devil and a sorcerer , look on as a man dressed as a sea captain speaks into a microphone while standing next to a man in a brown suit who is holding a large fruit basket .
Outside a building , a uniformed security guard looks at the camera from behind a fence .
A customs officer leaning on a bike rack outside of an office building .
A group of people linger on the side of a road .
A silhouette of a man and woman stand in front of a wall of fire .
Marathon runners are racing on a city street , with other people standing around .
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients .
Man walking , smoking a cigarette on urban street wiping his nose while passing by a newsstand .
A woman in a bikini is pouring a drink for a man .
This is people doing laundry .
A couple embrace and kiss on the sidewalk in front of a parked limo as a pedestrian walks by them .
A cop stands in front of a car on a busy street .
Young man in warm coat outside storefront .
A woman in a bikini is pouring a drink for a man .
A man in costume is ringing a bell .
Three people dancing acrobatically in a subway station , with one girl in a skirt doing a cartwheel over another person bending over .
Police on motorcycle , in turning land , waiting at stoplight
Asian men waiting in line many with earphones in their ears .
Man looking out the window of a train .
One man sitting at a bus stop .
Two men wearing orange robes and sandals are standing in front of the Bean in Millenium Park , Chicago .
A man in a turban looks at two police officers who are near a tent and a pile of refuse .
A group of young female musicians are wearing black skirts and blue shirts .
A group of men standing on a field of black balls .
Whole Foods hosts a " City Picnic . "
A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .
A family is sitting at a table ready to eat dinner .
Four girls and a lady learning how to do some crafts .
Three people sitting at a table outside Bar Gelati Tabacchi .
A group of Asian men are playing a game .
A bunch of people walking inside a shopping center .
A man with a backpack stopping and looking at the display in the store .
A male in a suit holding a beverage in a cup walking down the sidewalk , next to a city bus .
People walking down sidewalk next to a line of stores .
A young man on the street listening to headphones .
A female gymnast , captured in midair during a jump .
Four females of Asian descent are wearing golden dresses while performing point ballet .
Musicians play guitar and brass instruments underneath a white roof .
Four asian women dressed in yellow dresses perform a ballet .
Girl playing the trumpet in a marching band
A man in a black shirt and white pants swinging a baseball bat , with a baseball team and spectators in the background .
A Pride softball team member hits the ball and runs towards first base while the umpire and catcher watch the ball .
Two children , a girl and a boy , are swinging on a swing set .
Two girls participate in a softball game .
baseball player in black and gray uniform swinging at ball .
A man in a white shirt and black pants is playing a large brown instrument .
Woman wearing maroon sweater carrying guitar in the woods
Two upright bass players performing as a part of an orchestra .
Man plays a strange looking string instrument .
Two blond men rocking out on a dark stage .
A man and a woman are each holding one of two little girl 's hands , crossing the street , in the distance is a cyclist .
A man in a white shirt doing some kind of work on a street .
A man is wearing a black backpack and carrying a brown bag .
Two dancers performing in the spotlight , on stage .
A lady standing at a crosswalk .
A woman with a green shirt takes a drink from a water fountain .
two females in a sitting down in a highly populated area .
A large group of people standing near a big fountain as it rains .
Two police officers on duty watching over things .
people get their slushies .
A man in a yellow jacket with the number twelve on his back uses a rod to pull a horse , as people behind a Bud Light sign watch .
A large man in a white shirt rides a brown horse that is bucking and has its two front feet off the ground .
A man is wearing a yellow jacket is wrangling an out of control horse in an outdoor stadium .
A woman in a red shirt and black pants riding a white horse on brown grass .
Cowboy preparing to lasso .
Several people walk in and out of a building with a metal globe-like structure outside of it .
Two towers made of flashy fabric with weird heads on top of them are facing each other on a roadway .
Four Asian women performing a dance in traditional , Oriental attire , outside a church with onlookers watching .
Three young sumo wrestlers standing and listening to an announcer
Three people with political signs .
Three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
Two girls playing in mud in a small pool .
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot .
Two women in a mudfight .
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall .
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
Two sweepers work frantically as their curling teammates look on .
Girl climbing rock wall
A kid in a red and black coat is laying on his back in the snow with his arm in the air and a red sled is next to him .
Two women in colorful clothes sit on the ground near their cow .
A small African child carries a younger child on his back .
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .
A girl in a red sweater sitting in an archway .
A black , white and brown dog waking in the snow with a red toy in its mouth near an icey tree .
A dog goes through an obstacle course while his owner runs beside him .
A man is dressed in a costume in front of several goats .
A dog jumping over a stream of water .
A brown dog in running on grass .
Several people walking past a food cart on a city street .
A vendor on a busy street is selling food .
A toddler is cooking with another person .
A woman tears up over a huge donation to the Kids Food Basket .
A woman is holding a large check for Kids Food Basket .
A man dressed mainly in black is holding a huge triangular guitar-like instrument with a musical stand in front of him .
An old man sits outside with his guitar , watching an younger generation pass by .
An elderly man sitting outside on a chair with a guitar next to him .
Small orchestra playing with open violin case in front
A man performs on the keyboard .
A lone man sits in a dark room before a desk , reading an internet article on the computer .
A picture of five people at a bar with a closeup on the beer taps .
An aerial view of a man sitting at a desktop computer .
A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar .
Man playing slots in a casino .
Appears to be an African tribe or family posing for a picture in the grasslands with a dog in the corner .
Four men are sitting on the stoop of a stone church .
Ball players with white on in a field playing a game .
These people are climbing the steps to go the mountain
Two male spectators
A young child wearing a red hat and a tag " 513 " participant tag rides a horse .
A black horse stands in the grass at a fence , while a brown dog looks on .
Two men are sitting in a horse drawn cart with potatoes in the back .
A jockey riding his horse in a race , as another , losing jockey looks on .
A horse bucks it 's rider at a rodeo .
Two men talking and observing fruit that 's on show and for sale at an open fruit market while another woman is also observing the wares .
A woman is sitting with a basket of cloth , surrounded by cloth .
Picture of a hotdog vendor in the street .
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread .
A man is selling snacks at a sporting event .
Several men are sitting on their motorcycles wearing a red shirt with a black vest and black hat .
A woman wearing a black athletic uniform has the number 1102 on her and she is running .
A woman whose head is not visible walks in front of a bus with an advertisement on its side .
A woman wearing rolled up jeans passing bus a pass whose ad appears to be checking her out .
A woman dressed in black .
A man in a red shirt and jeans and a toddler on a rock near the water .
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand .
a boy hangs out of a passing taxi cab window
A little boy jumps high off his bed .
A child is enjoying the ducks on a fall day .
A surfer has just fallen off his surfboard and only his feet are visible above the water .
There 's a young lady in the beach doing yoga .
A truck driving along a beach near a flock of seagulls .
A young girl fully dresses running on the beach towards the water .
Rhythmic gymnasts are new to the competitive olympics .
Two workers wearing bright protective overcoats , shovel snow out of the way of passing residents .
Two construction workers are laying sheet metal across beams .
Men hard hats and safety harnesses walk down the street as part of a march .
Three men in same colored vests are in the outdoors .
Workers talk near train tracks .
An Asian man in a purple bandanna and dress shirt stands outside a restaurant nearby crates .
Young man with cap and buttoned coat stands before building .
Two workers weld the bars of a fence near a busy suburban street .
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance .
Man stands on city street beneath pine tree .
Three construction workers are digging a whole next to a wall in a field .
Men in hard hats and industrial equipment march with children and others in a parade .
A man in a reflective vest stands in a hole in the ground .
Three workers in bright vests are shoveling .
Workers are removing ice from a walkway .
A cowboy is viciously thrown about as he attempts to hold on to a horse he is riding in a rodeo competition .
A black horse stands in the grass at a fence , while a brown dog looks on .
A man is wearing a yellow jacket is wrangling an out of control horse in an outdoor stadium .
Two people on red motorcycle riding with a group of motorcyclist .
Two men on a produce cart driven by a horse .
A man in an orange visor crossing the street with a ice cream vendor in the background and a woman about to cross the street as well .
A distressed looking man walks down a city street holding a coffee , and there is a bus in the background .
City street with ice cream vendor and some people walking a man riding a motorcycle .
Four people dressed for warm weather out on a street walking .
Two boys playing ball in the street .
Group of people outside , holding a banner with blue text on it .
Several teenagers are looking over a railing in a dark room .
A group of people are hiking up an icy hillside .
A group of people get set to go fishing .
People sitting in a circle outside a large building .
A child wearing rollerblades , knee pads , a helmet , and elbow pads is skating down a paved path .
A little girl wearing pink clothes is sitting in a rocking chair while looking back .
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor .
A girl in pink is holding onto a young boy wearing red .
The girl loves her pink dress .
A man in a brown jacket holding a red bag is speaking to another man with a white beard and green cap .
The gentleman is scanning the image that the woman in the blue shirt is providing him .
Two young females talk and text as they stare into the distance .
Two men sit talking near a stone building .
A lady in the kitchen is pouring wine .
A person with a scarf over their head and a boy in a black t-shirt looking at what appear to be olives in a pile on a tarp on the ground .
A young boy or girl wearing a red jacket with fur and a blue hat is looking down .
A child wearing Crocs sits on a swing in a wooded area .
Two people sitting under a tree picking a green vegetable .
A child in a harness laying on the sidewalk .
A man in a red hat and a woman in black sitting in plastic chairs on grass .
A man wearing dark sunglasses and a hat sits next to a woman with a black hat .
A student reads a book while others enjoy art photography in a gallery .
A cheerleading team doing a routine on chairs .
Several people sit at a table in formal clothing .
A man with a bright reflective vest and headphones is standing next to a man with a suit and scarf .
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients .
a man standing on a street waiting to cross the road
A man sits on a small chair on a sidewalk .
A busy square somewhere in asia .
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .
A woman in a grassy field blows on a dandelion .
Two young boys pose with a puppy for a family picture .
A woman with long hair is at a graduation ceremony .
One large Caucasian woman is knitting at a table .
A brown dog with white paws is trotting through a field of green grass .
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy .
The wet brown dog is running in the water .
A black and white dog catching a baseball in midair .
A dog lies on the ground .
A young man wearing a blue , yellow , and white striped polo plays rugby on a green grass field .
This man plays music while someone 's belongings hang from a nearby tree .
A gray-haired man wearing black gloves is moving the lawn .
A man is bent over working outside under red green and yellow flags .
A man playing an instrument next to a tree .
One bald man is putting on a tie , which matches his button-down shirt , while looking into the mirror .
A man wearing a turquoise jacket is taking a picture of a church .
A guy playing with the ball on the field .
A man pounds on an artwork perched on a cart .
A wheel loader picking up some dirt .
A middle-aged woman with middle length brown hair in khaki pants , a long-sleeve blue shirt , and a long long gold jacket is walking in the subway station .
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .
A man is observing a small white motor vehicle perpendicular on the tracks against a large blue and gray train .
Many men in suits waiting , one man is on his cellphone .
Three people dancing in the subway .
A young boy is quite excited in the throes of a ballgame .
A blond little boy is wearing a green shirt and holding a book upside down .
Two formally dressed , bald older women
A dear jumps the fence .
A child holds its arm up and laughs .
The brown dog with the white chest is carrying a ball .
A very young boy stares ahead as he is biting onto a small object .
A brown dog wades into a lake to retrieve a stick .
A black dog carrying a colorful ball swims .
A dog running though a grassy field .
A man in long pants does a handstand on a large , circular object in the evening .
A man poses in an awkward position for a photographer laying on the ground .
A photographer taking a picture of a man jumping down the stairs .
A young man and women near a large metal sculpture
A man standing in a green box .
A young girl in a blue shirt is in a bowling alley , and is casting her ball down a lane .
A man in a red shirt is sitting on the grass , and a ball is flying towards him .
A man in a pink shirt is sitting in the grass and a ball is in the air .
Man on the beach is throwing a red ball .
A dog getting a ball in the snow
A group of kids with an adult in the background coaching them while they are pulling on a green rope .
Several young boys are pulling a rope in a park .
A man in a banana custom is carrying four children on his back .
a group of children sitting on the floor , eating snacks at school
Children playing on a playground .
Three construction workers in orange vests speak to one another in front of railroad tracks .
A man and a woman work in a field , both wearing large hats .
Two workers and clearing a busy street of snow .
Construction workers picketing against PM Construction Services .
These two workers are working in the green field .
Men wearing red and white stripe shirts and wearing blue hats carrying flags outside a brick building .
A man performing a trick on a bicycle by standing on the pedals while the bike is upright .
A man on a bike that is doing a trick .
Two young boys loading fruit onto a bicycle .
A man relaxing after riding his bike .
A middle-aged woman with middle length brown hair in khaki pants , a long-sleeve blue shirt , and a long long gold jacket is walking in the subway station .
A man wearing a white button down shirt looking out of a window of a train .
Asian men waiting in line many with earphones in their ears .
Many men in suits waiting , one man is on his cellphone .
Many Asian people waiting at a train stop .
A shirtless man with tattoos , glasses and a baseball hat , touching a spotlight that is on .
A man in a striped t-shirt and khakis stands at the counter of a convenience store while the female attendant faces him .
Three boys all wearing green shirts are climbing on a slide .
A man in brown building a raft .
A man standing in a green box .
Two men wearing orange robes and sandals are standing in front of the Bean in Millenium Park , Chicago .
Two people standing next to a tree on the ground .
The large round sculpture is surrounded by a brick plaza .
Young people chat outside near a buzy street .
A dance group performs in a parade in china .
A man and woman , dressed in white , embrace each other while their actions go unnoticed to the other people in the background .
In this photo there is a family of four dashing across a busy street in the city .
Runners who are competing sprint down the street .
Street magician showing an act to a group of 5 people in a city .
A man and woman are embracing behind caution tape .
A chinese man wearing glasses sitting on a chair holding a green beverage .
A man in a white shirt doing some kind of work on a street .
A homely looking woman is doing a dance .
A man and a woman in white shirts are hugging each other .
A woman and a man at a crosswalk in nyc .
Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera .
A woman in a flowered skirt walks along the dirt streets in her village .
Three people are hiking down a long gravel trail with scenic green hills behind them .
A woman and a child are walking down a street .
A student walking across campus .
A man in glasses and an Asian woman are seated across from each other in a subway train .
It seems like no matter when I read this , the news is always the same .
Woman in a gold jacket walking on a New York subway platform .
An Asian man with dark hair wearing a dark shirt riding the subway .
A blue train collides with a small car on the tracks .
A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders .
A streetlight lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars .
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .
a man riding a bike through the forest
Three girls smiling for the camera .
A lady walking in a alleyway of what appears to be a third world country .
A young man holding a cup , standing in front of an archway to an old stone building .
Three people are pictured walking down and alleyway .
Cars driving down a street lined with ornate walls and power lines .
People walking around in a mall .
A man with an orange shirt and sunglasses along with a young boy and train conductor ride a children 's train through a park .
Two men and one woman are sitting in a subway train .
People sitting and waving in a mini Pullman train .
Man and his son wave as they ride a small train .
Young kids are on a small train ride .
Two boys , one wearing a blue shirt , the other wearing a muscle shirt , facing each other on a brick wall , next to a culvert .
a woman using a power drill in front of a group of people .
A woman is measuring fabric with a wooden tool and by placing it directly on her fingers .
Two men in suits under an umbrella and in front of graffiti .
two men in black holding an umbrella in the street .
A surfer has just fallen off his surfboard and only his feet are visible above the water .
child sitting on a ladies shoulders and clapping her hands .
A truck driving along a beach near a flock of seagulls .
Two feet and a surfboard emerging from a wave .
A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs on dirt .
A group of people are getting fountain drinks at a convenience store .
Two girls both dressed in different shades of pink play in the water of a fountain .
A girl in a long pink jacket reaching into a pool of water filled with change .
Two people look on in the nighttime at the lights in a city .
Two women have a seat in a busy metropolitan area .
A man has his face in his hand and is sitting on a bench .
Children sitting on a bench eating something out of a small cup .
An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench .
An individual wearing rose jacket site idle on a wooden bench .
A woman sitting on a bench by a coffee house .
A man is resting next to his upside down bicycle taking his glove off .
The man is performing a trick with a bicycle high in the air .
A cyclist checking his gear for his sunset bike ride .
A mountain biker with a backpack crests a ridge .
A man rides his bike on the boardwalk .
Two men sitting in front of a building and a field of grass in front of them .
Someone in a white shirt yelling through a mega phone to a crowd of people .
Two young men in blue holding a loudspeaker with one talking .
A group of men are standing beside a blue railing for a picture .
two girls wearing an army uniform .
Two young men in black and white t-shirt are walking down the street with a girl in a pink shirt and patterned leggings .
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by .
A man with a cowboy hat , cane and suspenders walks down a country road .
An old man with an umbrella and cane walking down the street
A view of a crowded city street .
A group of people in white shirts stand on a grass pitch covered with many dark balls .
Four people relaxing on a grassy hill overlooking a rocky valley .
An Asian couple look up at an elaborate memorial .
Several people with different costumes are gathered together at a Halloween party .
A blue boat sitting on a dock .
A young girl in a blue shirt is in a bowling alley , and is casting her ball down a lane .
The little black and white dog is in the snow with a red ball .
A small dog on a leash jumps toward a pink ball
A woman in a blue shirt releasing a bowling ball at a bowling lane .
A girl bowling at a bowling alley .
A dark-haired man sits atop a structure near a dark-haired woman wearing sunglasses .
A man sits on a step with two duffel bags and a plastic bag by his sides .
a man standing on a concrete platform with his arms wide open
Here are three people unloading their groceries at the supermarket .
A man in green jumps serveral motorbikes on his own motorbike .
A middle-aged man with a backpack playfully pretends to box with younger child who does not look phased .
A skateboarder rides up a concrete wall , nearly falling off as he tries a trick .
A guy with long hair , black shirt and white shorts about to play a drum .
A black man plays a makeshift drum set with a cardboard sign .
A Asian women does her hair
Group of people outside , holding a banner with blue text on it .
Two people standing next to a tree on the ground .
A damaged building has a an excavator in front of it .
Two men are in the woods one is looking at a log .
Three people with political signs .
A man , mouth agape , and wearing a multicolored behind a podium with writing on the front of it with upside down buckets to his left and crates to his right .
An African American man surrounded by empty overturned white buckets and dark colored crates expresses himself through a message handwritten on cardboard .
An older man in a tropical shirt plays a drum .
A man in a straw hat playing the drum .
A man is smiling and holding a sign .
A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill overlooking a range .
A group of people are sitting on the grass outside of a rustic building .
A group of people standing on a sidewalk under some trees .
A crane operates amidst piles of rubble .
Four men sit on the found in front of a church or synagogue .
Three little children in a grassy yard running towards the camera .
child sitting on a ladies shoulders and clapping her hands .
The feet are shown of a person who just fell off of their surfboard .
Little girl in arm floaties exploring the coast line .
Two men jumping excitedly at a rocky beach .
A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out .
Two women walking down the street outside of a restaurant , one with a stroller and a baby , the other with a dog .
A panting brown dog walking on the grass .
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A dog in a field with a Frisbee .
A man in a red shirt walks past a turquoise and white checkered food establishment called " 32 De Neude . "
Three people walk down the street with a camera in hand .
Man in shorts and t-shirt walking and holding a drink in front of an archway .
Three people , with backpacks hiking along a dirt road through the mountains .
Three people walking uphill
A man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event .
Man clothed in a traditional dress like attire , while standing next to his mule who also seems to be clothed as well .
Someone is doing a handstand on the top of an outdoor sculpture .
Man works on top of scaffolding .
A man standing in a green box .
A man wearing a white shirt is looking out a window of a metal construction .
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .
Woman in a gold jacket walking on a New York subway platform .
A small white car is on the train tracks and may or may not have been hit by the train behind it .
Many Asian people waiting at a train stop .
A shot haired woman in a white shirt giving a long-haired woman in a red shirt a manicure .
A man in a straw hat and white shirt at an outdoor art gallery
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
A group of people talking at tables .
Two women are sitting at a table .
Four young Asian boys hold bowls and chopsticks as they stand around a barbecue .
While visiting the Mayan ruins , a guide points in the direction of more attractions .
Three people are sitting at a counter using laptop computers .
Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean .
two girls wearing an army uniform .
A dog is up on its backlegs trying OT catch a ball above its head .
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy .
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
A puppy with blue eyes runs , an older dog with blue eyes stands behind .
A dog lies on the ground .
A man holding another man by the back of the head about to punch him in the face .
A man with a pensive look on his face shave off his beard .
A Japanese man plays a flute from sheet music beside a tree lines river .
Here are three people unloading their groceries at the supermarket .
Man standing on rock with outstretched hands .
A man dressed in boots and a cowboy hat sits atop a horse that is jumping while spectators sit in the stands .
Two men are riding on a wooden vehicle pulled by two donkeys : one black and one gray .
Two people riding bikes through a mountainous region .
A jockey riding his horse in a race , as another , losing jockey looks on .
Cowboy at a rodeo riding a horse .
Five woman gathered to play woodwind and string instruments in someone 's living room .
Mountain peaks in the foreground and distance .
Many people stand in a line while a person in white talks on a megaphone .
A group of people taking shots at a restaurant .
People are protesting against coal .
Asian school children are on a field trip listening to a speech , except for one girl who is posing for the camera .
A cat is sitting atop a sign on the side of a building .
Female bicyclist wearing black and red bicycle shorts and top and wearing white helmet .
A cat sits on top of a store sign .
A man is riding a bike on a steep tilt .
Woman dressed in blue sitting on a bench with a cane next to her looking through her purse with a stretch limo behind her with a man and a woman walking in opposite directions from one another .
A man , woman , and two young boys are sitting on a bench with flowers in the background .
The woman in the brown shirt is sitting on a bright red bench .
A man sitting on a bench under a large tree .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket sits on a bench .
Children play in the dark water fountain near the white triumphal arch while adults sit on the steps .
Two people survey the night sky , illuminated by the moon and the glow of the city they are in , with an ornate bust occupying the space to their right .
Two guys getting a drink at a store counter .
A man in blue shorts and sitting in the pool watches a boy get out of the water .
Two policemen standing in a parking lot .
A group of men walk down the middle of a street that has poles lining the street .
A distressed looking man walks down a city street holding a coffee , and there is a bus in the background .
People walking down the street in a city .
Cars driving down a street lined with ornate walls and power lines .
These people are walking in a crowd of people .
A man in sunglasses is eating and holding a baby wearing a white bucket hat .
An infant wearing a hat , holding an apple in his right hand .
A woman is getting ready to eat on the side of a road .
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .
Slanted aerial view of a cafeteria .
A cowboy is viciously thrown about as he attempts to hold on to a horse he is riding in a rodeo competition .
The cowboy skillfully swings his lasso while riding his brown steed .
A person is riding their motorcycle and are shown as the motorcycle jumps into the air .
A woman in a blue helmet and red pants riding a motorcycle .
A BMX racer is riding his bike in full gear , with another racer in the background .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A green beetle is resting upon a freckled nose of a young boy .
Boy that is outside with a green bug sitting on his nose .
man laying on the ground looking at a boy .
Two boys hanging off a tire dock .
A male volleyball player in red trunks tries to block the shot of the opposing player during a professional volleyball game .
A little girl wearing pink is running along a beach towards the water .
Two little girls and one little boy are running on the grass .
A woman on a large floor twirling ribbons and she is wearing a uniform .
Rhythmic gymnasts are new to the competitive olympics .
A young blond girl sleeps curled up on a brown couch with her head on large red pillow .
The little girl is sitting in the chair with her head resting on the arm of the chair .
A woman sitting on her couch , by the front windows , reading a book .
A little girl tries taking a nap on the comfy sofa .
A sleepy little girl on a couch .
A woman is propping her leg up revealing cleavage , a great tatoo , and some kicking boots .
A red-haired woman wearing black holds purple sticks and yarn which are part of a sewing kit set .
A person wearing glasses is prepped for some kind of dental work .
An old woman watches a cat investigates two rabbits .
Two children sitting with a black puppy .
A number of people are sitting in blue chairs in a room , looking at computer screens while wearing earphones .
A girl stands up with a glass of beer to make a toast at a couple 's wedding .
A woman sitting with a great big smile .
Couple sitting in the chairs in a backyard .
Several people sit at a table in formal clothing .
An oriental woman wearing a hat riding down the street on a bicycle .
Middle-aged Asian woman working in a plant giving the universal sign for peace .
A man on a bicycle pedals through an archway .
A man rides his mountain bike with mountains in the background .
a man on a bike in the city area .
A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table .
A family is sitting at a table ready to eat dinner .
Two women sitting at a table with their hands together .
A group of men sits around a table .
Several people are eating lots of food .
A man with brown hair and a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
Man clothed in a traditional dress like attire , while standing next to his mule who also seems to be clothed as well .
A male worker with his tool box is kneeling next to two women .
A man in a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
A man packs up his toy airplane .
Two people are looking at a child as one of them is pushing a wheelchair on the sidewalk .
A woman with high heels and a purse is walking on the sidewalk .
Several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of Thailand .
A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street .
A man in a red shirt walking down a city street .
Two women in fluffy skirts dancing to music played by men , asking for money , while others pass them by .
Two women wearing tank tops are looking at the camera .
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb .
Two women are dancing while men play music behind them .
The girls dance to the street musicians
A man smiles , while clinking ale bottles , with an unseen person , at a public establishment .
A man with glasses looks at camera while another man in a blue shirt looks intently at something .
A man in a striped shirt makes a blue balloon animal .
A man jumps in the middle of a rocky desert .
Two men looking at a computer .
A man in a red shirt walks past a turquoise and white checkered food establishment called " 32 De Neude . "
A little girl is riding on a man 's shoulders as they walk behind a scarf-clad woman with a big purse .
People are walking through a shopping center .
The quad at the student services fair .
A guy in a white shirt is walking with a drink in his hand .
A woman wearing a short-sleeved striped shirt and carrying a green shopping bag examines fish in an open air market while a vendor in a white apron over a gray t-shirt hands her an empty plastic bag .
A lady selling food outside of a building .
Woman and dog selling her wares on the old building steps outside .
A woman holding a bowl of food in a kitchen .
Woman in a pink shirt and wearing glasses .
A mother decides to take her child on a piggyback ride outside their apartment complex .
A man sits in an outdoor cafe finishing a meal .
A middle-aged man with red-hair and glasses holding an infant .
A woman in a pink skirt is holding a baby .
A toddler eats a cookie with both hands .
A man wearing a red t-shirt sweeps the sidewalk in front of a brick building .
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
two women posing for a picture together outside
Two best friends embracing their friendship .
Three girls wearing jackets running outside .
A man is holding a young woman around the waist inside a square of yellow crime scene tape .
The woman in the red dress is dancing with the man in a suit .
Runners who are competing sprint down the street .
A man in a Santa suit stands amongst a crowded street .
A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man .
A worker in an orange work suit is kneeling down inspecting a piece of machinery .
A blue boat and orange boat float among lilypads in an outdoor setting .
A man smiles for the camera as he watches his friend work on a television beside him .
A snow skier is going down a slalom course .
A man kicking a workout bag .
A little boy jumps off of a bunk bed onto another bed .
A white duck spreads its wings while in the water .
A guy is jumping and grabbing his foot with a house in the background .
A small boy enjoys chasing ducks in the fall .
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
A man has his face in his hand and is sitting on a bench .
A woman in blue looks in a black leather bag while sitting on a bench during a sunny afternoon while people and limousines passed behind her .
A woman with brown hair and blue pants is sitting on a bench outside of a coffee shop .
A woman puts her arm on a person sitting in a wheelchair .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket sits on a bench .
An oriental woman wearing a hat riding down the street on a bicycle .
A spray painted hand showing the peace side at the entrance of a small road with a young man in a red shirt riding his bike through it .
A man advertises with a giant sign tied onto his bicycle .
Dirt biker makes a sloping turn in a forest during the fall .
A blurred picture on a bicyclist .
At an outdoor market , a small group of people stoop to buy potatoes from a street vendor , who has his goods laid out on the ground .
A red building with people sitting outside on the lawn in front .
Five people standing in front of a body of water .
Young people hang out at a party .
Two men are busy working .
A man and a woman ride bicycles away from the camera as they traverse a remote area toward undulating hills , with blue sky in the background .
During a race , the blue biker cleared a jump safely , while another biker appears to not be doing as well as the biker jumping .
Two people are riding bikes in front of a vast mountain range .
Six People riding bikes on a trail in the forest .
Cowboys are riding on horses in a dirt field .
A man rides a bicycle through an inner-city neighborhood next to a wall containing a graffiti picture of a big hand showing the peace sign .
Bicycle rider wearing black , riding down a dirt trail in a mountain bike .
A group of Asian students in their uniforms .
Asian woman standing near machinery give peace sign .
Old man riding a bike down the street .
A man in a black hooded jacket stands next to a tree and plays a wind instrument .
A uniformed soldier is kneeling on the ground looking at a metal object .
Two rugby teams , one in green and white uniforms , the other in black , are engaged in a scrum .
A window with some type of design painted on it .
A man on his wedding day .
A man and a woman walk around a corner next to a painted wall mural depicting children .
Two children are climbing a rock wall while two others look on .
A man and a woman walking past a brick wall , covered in graffiti .
Two women repairing a wall with concrete .
Spectators about to watch a woman use a drill .
A man uses a bicycle to transport a sight that says " Lovely , " while another man on a motor scooter drives by .
Bicyclist in racing gear rides through forest area .
A man advertises with a giant sign tied onto his bicycle .
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods .
A man on a moped is riding down the street .
On a clear day , a number of cyclists ride their bikes over a bridge in an industrial area .
Two men are riding on a wooden vehicle pulled by two donkeys : one black and one gray .
A cowboy is attempting to lasso a calf while riding a horse .
Hispanics are on horseback trying to wrangle a free horse .
A man at a rodeo who may have fell off the horse .
Two men who are riding on two horses both are trying to rope a bull in a rodeo .
Four horses with cowboy riders running near a fifth horse that has no rider .
A person is riding their motorcycle and are shown as the motorcycle jumps into the air .
A child in a red hat is riding a horse .
This is a man dressed in yellow holding the reign of a brown horse
A man with a striped shirt , blue jeans and a red kerchief in his pocket is being thrown off a brown irate horse while a brown and tan horse is buckling while the crowd is watching
People riding bikes in a town while traffic goes by over the water .
A cowboy is riding a bull on a rodeo and is having trouble staying upright .
A cowboy-looking fellow slings a lasso .
A man is astride a rearing horse in an arena full of spectators .
A man moves dirt using a large construction vehicle .
A man is standing on a stone structure with his arms out like a bird .
A unclothed man with gray hair is shaving his face .
A yellow bulldozer working to move dirt .
A person does a handstand on public art .
Small child in white shirt and print shorts with hands over their head standing on object .
A man in red shirt displays his fighting technique on another man in gray shirt .
A man tests model airplanes in an open field .
Pictured is the captain of a boat ; he is steering .
A man harvests a field of fresh corn .
A little boy with a black jacket and black jeans on is holding up a blue brochure for the camera .
Two little boys smiling and holding a tiny , black puppy .
A girl in a black shirt is smiling as she works behind a bar .
Two people waving their hands in the air and looking up .
Battling between the sexes , who will win .
Two young attractive women in front of a store drop coins for street performers .
A man holding a black and white umbrella is walking uphill on a city street .
Men and women strolling in the park on the sidewalk .
People walking down the street with a street vendor .
A couple is walking in a building .
A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods .
A blond child who is wearing red shoes looking through a telescope .
A child is laying on the ground next to a stroller .
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .
A child swings and the sunshine shines down on her .
Two girls , one older and in black and one younger and in white , are performing the same ballet move in front of decorations made from balloons .
A person with tattoos is looking at a photo on a digital camera , or cellphone .
A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks with a group of people in the background .
A woman with long hair in black clothing is taking a photograph .
A young woman is working in a kitchen .
A woman wearing sunglasses sits on a red bench in front of a yellow building .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket and a hat sits on a park bench
A woman is sitting on a bench next to a person in a wheelchair .
A man listening to music on a park bench .
A woman sitting on a bench by a coffee house .
A man is walking on a paved surface backdropped by a large art mural .
A large group of people walking down a city street .
People happily walking along a street with palm trees in the background .
People walking on a trail in a tree filled park .
A crowd of people out for some fun in public park .
Three construction workers are digging a whole next to a wall in a field .
In a outdoor market two men shovel snow and slush out of the path .
Two construction workers with orange jackets are talking .
Construction workers in orange talking .
Two men wearing hats .
A woman pounding something with a rock , with a guinea pig in the background .
A woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies .
A girl in a black shirt is smiling as she works behind a bar .
A person wearing a red jacket holding rainbow streamers .
Two children sitting with a black puppy .
A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .
A group of people sitting at a picnic table eating .
A table full of pictures in frames , at an outdoor market .
Two women are smiling while sitting at the table .
A man sits at a table outdoors and watches people .
Two children climb an indoor rock walk as two other children are on belay .
A child in blue and a child in white stand on a short concrete wall by a stream .
Two young boys stand on a low cement wall facing each other in a marshy area .
Some leaping over a high bar in Barcelona .
two men in black holding an umbrella in the street .
Three boys wearing green shirts and tan pants pose at the top of a slide .
A man wearing a turquoise jacket is taking a picture of a church .
A man in black pants cutting bushes .
People are looking at children 's toys in a store .
A man uses stereo equipment .
A Indian lady sitting making a clothing piece with a young child and older lady looking upon her , young child in the background playing .
A female athlete is high jumping at the 2010 Barcelona .
Two men in suits standing under an umbrella , next to a wall covered in graffiti .
The woman in the tan suit is speaking at the pedestal .
A woman makes fabric in a village .
Two blond-haired women wear matching clothing and love beer .
A gymnast wearing red and white is mid-twirl on an uneven bar .
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines .
A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar .
An gymnast is working the bar .
A well-dressed man plays a grand piano during an art exhibit .
A man is playing an instrument beside a microphone .
Two young men play electric guitars on stage .
Small orchestra playing with open violin case in front
A man performs on the keyboard .
A man with a white headscarf and an I Love NY t-shirt is among several men picketing against PM Construction Services .
Two construction workers are laying sheet metal across beams .
Two workers and clearing a busy street of snow .
A group of men and a child in white shirts are standing in the road .
Three men work behind a short wall .
A woman in a green tank top looking at a drill while a crowd looks on .
A woman in a tan suit and red shirt speaks into microphones at a podium .
A woman walking past a wall of green and pink graffiti .
In this photo , two young boys are socializing by a pond .
Girl with tattoos looking a painting .
A cowboy is viciously thrown about as he attempts to hold on to a horse he is riding in a rodeo competition .
A man in a yellow shirt and wearing the number 12 is pulling on a rope that is tied to the front of a horse .
Four people are riding bicycles on a bike path near a busy street .
A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition .
Two person are riding their bicycles .
Two woman are mud wrestling in a kiddie pool .
Two women wearing tank tops are looking at the camera .
Two children play on the street outside an old building .
Two people mud wrestling .
Two women in a mudfight .
On a sunny , dry day , wearing full football gear , a Texas A&M football player tries to reach an Iowa State football player , for the football during the game .
A man in an orange jersey with the letter " 12 " on it plays football .
Fans of a football team look out onto the field .
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football .
A football player wearing white and green has a football .
a man in a striped blue shirt and a balloon hat is making other balloon animals
A man in a black and white jersey is holding yellow ski poles and preparing to take off .
A man is practicing his kicks on a punching bag in a gym .
A snow skier is going down a slalom course .
A man in an orange jacket is snowboarding .
A man in a blue and white t-shirt is grilling outdoors .
A blue boat and orange boat float among lilypads in an outdoor setting .
A man in a bathing suit stands near a yellow kayak .
A man in an orange hat starring at something .
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill .
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
A young boy wearing a blue hat is looking through a telescope while another boy watches .
A young boy wearing a blue cap looking through a telescope .
A man with mismatched shoes sits in front of an entrance .
A child is wearing a blue knitted hat .
An apparently homeless black man with mismatched shoes , two pairs of pants , and a heavy jacket tries to warm his hands while sitting on a door step .
Harnessed Asian child lying on ground in front of stroller .
A lady wearing a redish sweater and jeans is sitting with hands on her left knee
African girl with a small boy tied to her back by fabric .
A child swings and the sunshine shines down on her .
Woman standing in front of a large pot holding the lid and wearing a yellow apron .
His gray clothes blended in with the stainless steel appliances of the cafeteria 's kitchen .
A blond woman in a black shirt standing in a kitchen .
A man cooking at a restaurant in front of diners .
A man cooking food on the stove .
A woman wearing headphones enjoys her coffee while writing on a notepad .
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
A little girl is jumping in a green landscape .
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl .
Two girls hugging .
A group of people in white shirts stand on a grass pitch covered with many dark balls .
A group of young people dance at a club .
Ball players with white on in a field playing a game .
Three people smiling and holding political signs .
Two nuns stand on the street .
The woman 's face falls into silhouette as she stands in front of the sun .
Two people working on welding metal together outside on a sidewalk .
Young man in warm coat outside storefront .
The two man are dancing in the street .
Blond woman hanging over the edge .
A little girl is standing outside ready to brush the black goat 's coat .
Girl about to kick a piece of wood in half while karate instructor holds it
A little girl plays in a blow up pool .
A girl wearing a life vest floats in water .
little girls in swimsuits are laughing
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
A man with a red suit is dancing with a lady .
Three people stand underneath and umbrella in front of a crowd of people .
A person in jeans , half-hidden by an umbrella .
A high class woman kissing a man .
A guy wearing shorts and a white t-shirt is skateboarding down the road , while someone sits and watches him from the curb .
Young man sitting on a skateboard , holding a cellphone , and posing on the escalator .
A man on the edge of a wall about to fall off .
A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp
a skateboarder grinds a red rail .
Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a house .
Several construction workers with orange safety vests are digging into the ground .
Three construction workers are mending pavement .
Three men in same colored vests are in the outdoors .
Two men with hard hats are talking .
A man playing an acoustic guitar and singing with a group of people behind him including a woman who is singing along .
Two older men with white shirts and black pants playing the cello .
A man plays a guitar while singing into a microphone .
A man sits in a chair watching people stroll by .
A band performs in a dimly lit setting .
Two girls running down the street in front of a large building with white and red flags by the door .
Three little girls wearing brown and pick sweaters are walking on the street .
Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street .
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot .
Two women in a mudfight .
A very tired little boy 's taking advantage of bed setting in a department store to get some rest .
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand .
A guy is jumping and grabbing his foot with a house in the background .
man laying on the ground looking at a boy .
A boy in a red shirt walking with American flags .
A woman holds sticks attached to large striped banners , causing one to launch its banner in a wide loop through the air .
An overweight woman with long black hair in a pink shirt with a name tag is applying lipstick .
Somebody took a photo of a girl with long black hair taking a photo .
A woman with long hair is at a graduation ceremony .
An Asian woman is making a snow angel .
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper inside a newspaper stand .
A man in blue overalls is operating a chainsaw .
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .
Three men are dress up with some colors of blue , orange and white .
A man wears an orange hat and glasses .
A girl in a polka dotted blue jean dress walks barefoot on a balance beam .
A girl with headphones on sitting and writing in a notebook .
The little girl is wearing a floating device in the water .
Girl listening to purple headphones at a coffee shop
A girl is sitting with a boy on a chair .
A woman cyclist wearing a white helmet , sunglasses , black long-sleeved shirt and black and pink biking shorts pedals straight toward the camera lens .
A streetlight lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars .
A mountain biker rides through a shady trail .
A long , green board that has " lovely " written on it .
Three girls smiling for the camera .
Three surgeons operate on a patient while wearing magnifying lenses on their safety glasses .
Girl wearing blue shirt and black shorts plays trumped outside .
There are musicians performing fro a small group of people .
A group of young adults singing in a choir .
A rock concert is taking place .
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man 's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together .
People walking about a university campus with palm trees in the background .
A man sits on a fence while a group of people walks on the sidewalk in front of him .
People walking through the mall .
Pedestrians walk by outside a cafe .
A middle-aged man is using a hammer and metal spike and splitting a log .
A man wearing jeans and sunglasses operating a front-loader that is filled with dirt .
a man looking for something in a shopping bag .
A man doing handstand on top of a round statue .
A man cutting branches of trees .
Lady with short brown hair and a red and white striped shirt with a name tag taking a sip from a cup .
A man performing a trick on a bicycle by standing on the pedals while the bike is upright .
Three men in red striped shirts carry flags outside of a brick building .
A man signs an autograph in a young boy 's book .
An employee takes a break from working to have a drink
A soccer player is on the field with his arms out , about to kick the ball .
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair .
Players in yellow jerseys are on the field .
soccer players stand on the field .
An audience at a soccer game .
A man in a long gray gown and hat is standing with his hand on a mule that is wearing blankets and decorations on a stone street outside of a building , with a number of other people in the background .
This man plays music while someone 's belongings hang from a nearby tree .
A man gets a kiss on the cheek .
A man in a black leather coat is standing in front of a sign .
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
A man wearing a brown shirt embellished on the front with black designs drinks from a water fountain shaped like a woman .
Open , scatteredly placed umbrellas , fill an exit to a room with black trim doors while a blurry individual looks directly into the camera .
Security officers are standing near a sporting event tent .
A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman .
People are sitting around and playing in a fountain .
A martial artist wearing a white Gi and a black belt is pinning another man in a blue Gi to the ground .
Several men are wearing martial arts uniforms while they perform some moves in unison .
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .
Two men , one wearing white and the other wearing blue , are wrestling .
A man practices a martial arts pose .
Overhead shot of 2 teenagers both looking at a shirt being held up by one of them .
A young boy wearing a blue hat is looking through a telescope while another boy watches .
A child lays in the snow next to his sled , raising his hand in the air .
Two people sitting under a tree picking a green vegetable .
A couple looking at a map .
A drunken woman in a blue dress , black tights , and black leather pumps , laying on a couch , smoking a cigarette , laughing .
A man lounging on a couch surrounded by more furniture .
A little girl is sitting on a chair or couch with her head on the arm .
A woman wearing a sweater is reading a book in her home .
An old man is sitting alone on a couch and sleeping .
Two woman are mud wrestling in a kiddie pool .
Two women mud-wrestle in a blue wading-pool
Three girls in jackets walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot .
Two girls posing for the camera .
A Chinese man inside a restaurant waiting for people to enter .
a chinese man sitting down waiting for customers .
An older man in glasses is preparing meat .
Men tend meat at the makeshift barbecue .
A man preparing food on a grill .
A young woman with blond-hair is holding a white statuette of a Japanese geisha woman .
Many people in the crowd look at the stage , some with balloons .
A woman with long blond-hair walks in front of a parked white car .
A woman in white marriage dress poses with Flowers in her hand
A tattooed blond woman is holding a purse .
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building .
A man sweeps a sidewalk outside of a brick building during the day .
Three girls in jackets walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
a woman wearing a denim jacket walking along a sidewalk
Two girls posing for the camera .
Two children looking at horses through a small fence .
A group of young children , most of them on bikes , are on a dirt road with trees on one side .
A group of children sit on a blue mat while they eat out of bowls .
There are kids playing in the dirt beside the road .
A family walks through a park .
Some children are playing tug-of-war with a rope while an adult assists .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing at a park .
Two young boys playing in a dirt top playground .
A woman plays with finger puppets as a small child in a costume walks by .
2 kids talk to the horses .
Two men are barbecuing their food while another prepares the meat .
A man in a blue shirt and apron prepares food .
A man with a mustache and beard is holding a frying pan that has flames rising from it .
A woman is cooking with a large pot .
An Asian woman is cooking in an outdoor kitchen .
Two children wearing hats are standing on the shoreline , and a woman is holding one child by the arm while the other is fishing .
A boy is playing checkers with an adult shown off-screen while a girl looks on .
A shirtless man in jean shorts fishing off the rocks .
Family standing in a small village .
a man stands alone on the rocks .
A crowd is watching 2 shirtless men , one in yellow pants and one in black shorts perfom .
a man with a black vest holding a model airplane
A man with a mustache prepares to hammer a nail into a piece of tree .
Man with outstretched arms standing on a stone base
We have to go there to look into the machine .
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent .
A man with a beard and glasses sits in the grass next to a pine tree .
Man wearing red uniform holding a black hat in the air with his right hand .
A clerk in a convenience store asks a customer buying alcohol for his age and identification .
A boy is sitting down while smoking .
A young child wearing a red hat and a tag " 513 " participant tag rides a horse .
Men , surrounded by nature , are riding mountain bikes .
A man is wearing a yellow jacket is wrangling an out of control horse in an outdoor stadium .
A man riding a cart pulled by a donkey .
A horse bucks it 's rider at a rodeo .
Spelunkers pose inside a rock cavern while bathed in sunlight from the surface .
The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall .
A few men are playing some sort of game on what appears to be a hockey court .
Nice view of a guy climbing a cliff .
Girl climbing rock wall
Young male in a white karate outfit with a blue belt wrapped around his waist performs karate moves in front of the judges of the competition .
Several men are wearing martial arts uniforms while they perform some moves in unison .
A syringe filled with vegetables is being compressed into a liquid .
His eyes filled with joyous expectation , a skier prepares for a jump .
A craftsperson making metal objects .
A young girl in a baby pink outfit poses for the camera while holding onto a jungle gym in a playground .
A brunette child with glasses holding a blond child wearing a red sweater and yellow boots .
The girl is in a coffee shop and listening to music .
little girl in pink dress running in grass
A girl floating wearing a life vest .
A baseball pitcher is halfway through his motion of throwing the ball .
A little boy is holding a skinny baseball bat while standing between two rows of blue seats .
The little boy lifts his leg and swings the bat in an attempt to hit the ball .
A baseball player attempting to score a run before the catcher tags the player out .
A baseball catcher trying to tag a base runner in a baseball game .
A young man sitting on a rock above a body of water , fishing rod in hand .
A woman and a child embrace while the child tastes what they have been making .
Two young girls with fishing poles and a man displaying a fish they caught .
Family standing in a small village .
A mother and child are baking .
A man in a yellow coat is on a blue industrial crane working on the side of a tall building .
A railroad work crew performs maintenance on railroad tracks .
Some type of snack food being eaten at what appears to be a railroad site .
a construction worker is frowning with a yellow vest
A man standing in a yellow jacket .
Three construction workers in orange vests speak to one another in front of railroad tracks .
Three men wearing safety vests and doing yard work in a field .
Two workers in sunhats are bent over in a rice paddy .
Two gardeners are pruning a stretch of leafy plants .
Three men work behind a short wall .
Native Americans are dressed up in native clothing and are participating in an activity together .
Eight men play instruments on stage , with a guitarist highlighted in lights .
Ballet dancers on toe wear golden long dresses and hold golden flags .
There is a band playing for a small audience .
Girl playing the trumpet in a marching band
A group of people watch young men play the drums using makeshift buckets as instruments .
People are holding various types of drumsticks above different kinds of drums .
A muscular African-american man pan-handling using paint buckets as a musical instrument .
Bare chested Black men play drums on makeshift paint buckets to a pleased crowd .
A crowd of people are watch two guys play buckets .
A man holding another man by the back of the head about to punch him in the face .
A man in uniform and a man in a blue shirt are standing in front of a truck .
A man with tattoo 's is reflecting light to a stage .
A man mows a small lawn with a push mower .
Man with duffel bag sitting on a concrete curb .
Several men , one in a dark sweater and glasses and another in a white sweatshirt , are walking through the center of a college campus .
Three people walk down the street with a camera in hand .
A street corner with stores and two men walking the sidewalk .
A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street .
Tourists walk among the grounds near a historic site .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .
A woman sitting , a woman sweeping , and a woman holding a shovel .
The blond-haired woman with the black jacket is holding a white statue .
A woman raising the anchors on a boat .
A smiling lady is skiing in extremely cold weather .
A woman in a dress walking down the street past a construction site .
A young man holding a cup , standing in front of an archway to an old stone building .
A man walks down an alley between cream colored houses .
A group of people outside of a building .
Little town and its people on the streets .
Two women sit on a brown scooter , one is wearing blue jeans and a brown jacket , the other is carrying a bag and has on black pants and a black top with a green hat .
Two African american females ride on a moped down a city street that appears to be in a well congested area of a large city area .
A woman in the red jacket is holding two multicolored ribbons .
A group of men in red and black jackets waits on motorcycles .
Two women riding on a vespa , sadly only one is enjoying herself .
Two men sitting on the roof of a house while another one stands on a ladder .
Outside a building , a uniformed security guard looks at the camera from behind a fence .
The large round sculpture is surrounded by a brick plaza .
All couples are dancing and enjoying their company .
Four men leaning over a green fence and smiling .
A red vehicle is being reflected in a store window while two casually dressed middle-aged men walk and converse .
A man in a black sweater and cap looks at a paper while drinking out of a wineglass .
Two man sit and chat on a stone lanai surrounded by plants .
A man is talking on a cellphone outside .
Two friends meet up at a shop .
Several children are practicing martial arts moves in a room with a red floor .
Three boys are playing with sponges and buckets of water .
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .
Four children practice karate while two adults watch .
A woman playing a harp .
A shirtless man with multiple earrings , a necklace , and holding drumsticks , is voicing into a microphone behind cymbals .
A guy performing a song shirtless with a tattoo of a safety pen on his body with a second tattoo on his body .
Two men , wearing black shirts , are playing the drums in a very urban area .
Two young men in black tank tops playing on a set of drums .
Two men wearing black wife beater 's playing the drums .
A girl has placed a purple cloth over her face while she lies on wooden structure .
A brunette child with glasses holding a blond child wearing a red sweater and yellow boots .
an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
A girl plays in an inflatable pool .
Girl on roof of jeep being driven down road
A middle-aged woman with middle length brown hair in khaki pants , a long-sleeve blue shirt , and a long long gold jacket is walking in the subway station .
A middle-aged man in a business suit is seated at a bus stop shelter , with Hispanic writing showing on the shelter 's sign .
Three teenagers in a subway playing around .
An Asian man with dark hair wearing a dark shirt riding the subway .
A woman in a gold jacket waiting in the subway .
A man , possible a street musician , plays both a pan pipe and a small stringed instrument in an outdoor setting , while a bicycle leans against ivy in the background .
A man next to a bicycle is playing a pan flute .
A man in a black jacket and checkered hat wearing black and white striped pants plays an electric guitar on a stage with a singer and another guitar player in the background .
A man sits in a chair watching people stroll by .
A man in a dimly lit room playing a guitar .
Two men with curling brushes are on an ice rink next to a curling rock , with a man in a red jacket nearby , and three other people in the background .
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock , a small crowd watches .
a man is climbing a cliff with his feet on a brown metal plate
Two sweepers work frantically as their curling teammates look on .
A man grips the underhang of a rock .
During a concert , a man is standing on a stage looking down at the crowd .
Two doctors are working on a surgical procedure .
A band on stage performing in front of a crowd .
Fans cheer as the band plays a song .
The indian 's are performing a sacred dance .
A woman in a white shirt and hat speaks to a large crowd of men and women using a megaphone .
There are a crowd of people standing on the side of the road with two cars beside them .
A large group of Africans are having their picture taken in a clearing in a jungle .
Several women are performing a dance in front of a building .
Five people are playing classical musical .
Several people walking past a food cart on a city street .
A food vendor holds up a bag of snacks and a bottle as he stands in the crowd at a sports venue .
A white woman holding a donation check for " Kids Food Basket . "
A group of men sitting and talking behind some green fruit .
People are shopping for fish at a market .
An Asian man walking down an alley talking on his cellphone with brightly colored fabric behind him .
A man in a black sweater and cap looks at a paper while drinking out of a wineglass .
A woman with long hair is talking to two men in uniform .
A crowded commercial area in the evening .
A man and two girls are talking and drinking wine .
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade .
A person with tattoos is looking at a photo on a digital camera , or cellphone .
A black woman with a child on her back is standing in a field holding onto a pole .
An old woman watches a cat investigates two rabbits .
Two dancers practicing together .
Two male soccer players in lime green uniforms passing the ball to each other .
A boy makes a jumping dive toward another boy with a soccer ball near .
A female soccer player in a yellow uniform in a soccer field .
A group of people playing on a beach .
Some boys playing soccer in the sand
An older woman in a red blouse standing in front of her wares .
The woman in the red pant suit and white hat is selling her produce .
A woman at a fish market is looking at the fish that are frozen .
A man is working a hotdog stand .
An Asian woman is selling colorful fabrics .
One bald man is putting on a tie , which matches his button-down shirt , while looking into the mirror .
A man kissing another man on the cheek .
A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel on a track .
A uniformed man standing and cheering while holding his hat in his hands .
A man in an apron holding a bowl .
Soccer players dressed in bright blue and white uniforms are jumping in the air .
A soccer player in a yellow jersey is standing alone on the field .
The number 3 soccer player in a red jersey holding a yellow ball at the side line .
A young women 's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise .
Two soccer players are going after the ball .
A young man wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt sits in the grass , with a ball in the air .
The little black and white dog is in the snow with a red ball .
A woman is jumping as she attempts to hit a tennis ball .
A girl in a red shirt jumps up to hit a tennis ball .
A tennis player strikes the ball .
Players in the red and white uniforms and bystanders are standing on a soccer field .
Man wearing teal jersey defending the soccer ball in the midst of soccer game on a rainy day .
There is a goalie in a swimming pool blocking the ball .
A child falling back to kick a soccer ball .
An audience at a soccer game .
The boy in the yellow shirt is riding a skateboard along a red bar .
A teenage boy grinds across a bar on his skateboard .
A boy performs a trick on his skateboard on a rail .
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track .
a skateboarder grinds a curb .
Two male friends in swimming trunks jump on the beach while people in the background lay in the sand .
The baby walks on the gold and sandy-colored beach with water splashing behind him .
A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach .
A little girl on the beach with a shovel in hand .
A little girl is sleeping with a book .
Two men , one sitting , one standing , are playing their guitars on stage while the audience is looking on .
On stage photo of small band performing for theater audience .
A band on stage performing in front of a crowd .
There is a band on stage with band members wearing hints of blue .
a band playing on stage for a crowd
A football player wearing an orange uniform smiling and holding the football .
Two football players wearing blue jerseys tackle the opposing team 's football player .
Fans of a football team look out onto the field .
A football coach and his team on the sidelines .
A University of Miami player holds a football .
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
A boy in blue shorts and a white shirt begins repelling down a rock .
a woman sitting on a very large rock smiling at the camera with trees in the background .
A woman peeks out from behind a rock with the ocean in the background .
three people sit in a cave .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
A guy dressed in a white uniform with a number 3 on it playing soccer .
Players in yellow jerseys are on the field .
Kids compete to gain possession of the soccer ball .
An audience at a soccer game .
A hockey game with several players playing their part in preventing or facilitating a goal .
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping .
A goalie stands in front of the goal at a hockey game .
Man in a Miami basketball uniform jumping to make a shot .
The basketball player is number 21 from Miami .
A red flower-box filled with green flowers lies on the stone windowsill behind iron grating along a side street .
A large crowd of people walking while being controlled by officers among them .
People are walking across a school campus .
A crowd is assembled in a street .
Tourists walk among the grounds near a historic site .
Four white dogs are running and jumping with masks over their mouth .
A race dog 's feet dig in the mud as he makes his way around a curve .
Dogs with muzzles are racing around a sandy track .
A group of people do tricks on motorbikes .
Dogs run at a dog racetrack .
On a sunny , dry day , wearing full football gear , a Texas A&M football player tries to reach an Iowa State football player , for the football during the game .
Two teams of boys playing football in the sand .
A football player is being tackled by members of the opposing team .
A football player for the East Lake team takes down his opponent .
The ball carrier is being tackled by a group of opposing players .
A reddish brown dog walking in water carrying a stick in his mouth .
Black dog is carrying something in its mouth and running in the grass .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A black dog runs on green grass with a toy in his mouth .
A puppy has a stick in its mouth .
A woman in a blue shirt is walking across the street of an older looking district .
Two people walking on dirt in front of a very large building .
a blond woman walking down the sidewalk in a cheetah dress .
A woman wearing a p blouse walks up a flight of stairs .
man in black walking up a sidewalk .
A man is guiding the hockey puck across the ice while an opposing player races towards it .
3 basketball players vying for the ball and one in red jersey trying to take ball from guy in white jersey .
A basketball player in white squats while a player in red moves toward him .
A basketball is in progress with a man in white and gold attempting to block a shot from a man in black .
The basketball player is number 21 from Miami .
Two middle-aged Asian men with mustaches working with animal hides in a shop .
A group of workers sitting in a field take a break from work .
Five musicians , of varying ages , play together in a living room .
Several people with different costumes are gathered together at a Halloween party .
Three people talking on a city street .
Red white and blue SUV patrolling the beach and shoreline on a cloudy day while seagulls walk in the sand .
Two men , one in black and white and one in red , are playing beach volleyball .
A person is surfing under a large wave .
A man just made it over the finish line .
Rhythmic gymnasts are new to the competitive olympics .
A male in a purple shirt and white hat is driving a vehicle that has four wheels and some sort of basket in the front of it carrying three people .
A woman wearing a bright pink overcoat makes a face to a woman wearing a purple overcoat while standing outside a Vitamin Shoppe .
Two workers weld the bars of a fence near a busy suburban street .
A crowd on a busy daytime street .
Two men and a lady are standing outside .
A couple embrace and kiss on the sidewalk in front of a parked limo as a pedestrian walks by them .
A view of a pedestrian thoroughfare , featuring a man in a black apron and a white baseball cap standing in the middle of the image .
A woman looking at a piece of paper standing between two men .
People stand and walk on a brick sidewalk wearing jackets and warm clothes .
The man is on his knees while reading to the two women .
A child in a orange shirt is pouring Legos out of a plastic bag .
A child wearing a yellow Doritos shirt jumps up while another child is seen in the background .
A small boy jumps from a bunk bed onto a single bed .
Two bald drag queens in red dresses
A person upside down on a water board .
The person has a striped shirt on and is holding on to a rope on a mountain .
A girl with a striped shirt is sitting on a bicycle .
Three men in red striped shirts carry flags outside of a brick building .
A dark-haired main standing in front of a blue garage door .
Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture
A young woman with blond-hair is holding a white statuette of a Japanese geisha woman .
A woman wearing a white shirt works out on an elliptical machine .
A muslim woman holding balloons at an islamic event
A woman in white marriage dress poses with Flowers in her hand
A group of people attending an event .
Three people sit at a table in front of an establishment displaying the words Bar Gleati Tabacchi .
People looking over several colored pieces of paper spread on a table .
Several elderly men are grouped around a table .
Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask
Two women are sitting at a table .
A colorful array of motorcyclists gathered outdoors , with Joshua trees in the background and a pair of motorcyclists on a cherry-red cycle in the foreground .
People riding bikes in a town while traffic goes by over the water .
Person in checkered shirt and red pants riding a motorbike down a road .
Two guys sitting on a car and horse with potatoes in the back .
Cowboy at a rodeo riding a horse .
An asian long-haired man wearing a yellow hat & long-sleeved shirt talking on a microphone
Three people are having a conversation in a living room .
A man is reading the newspaper while drinking a glass of wine .
A guy explains something to his friend .
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .
A boy toddler play outside on a clothes rack full of tied dye shirts .
The boy in the red hat and jacket is carrying a huge lump of snow .
A young boy wearing white pants is jumping off the couch .
a kid is walking down the sidewalk with a few American flags .
A boy lays on top of a girl in a field .
A woman in a red shirt raising her arm to the passing crowd below .
A woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies .
a man wearing leather pants , a leather vest and a cowboy hat is standing here .
A woman talks on the phone as a group of men talk before class .
A woman with pink hair dressed in black talks to a man .
Two children and a woman are sitting on a sofa , one of the children has a camera .
Two children in warm jackets stand on a stone bridge over a small stream .
A middle-aged woman wearing a white shirt talking as she shows a small child in yellow how the toys work .
A smiling woman playing the harp .
The kids are listening to their teacher .
A young blond girl sleeps curled up on a brown couch with her head on large red pillow .
A young girl naps on a giant pillow on the couch , cuddled up with her favorite blanket .
A little girl in a sweater is laying down on a couch sleeping .
A woman wearing a sweater is reading a book in her home .
Woman reading letters in great window light .
Two people sit at a table outside against a wall and make faces .
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .
The people are sitting and mingling near the tent .
A group of men sits around a table .
A group of Asian men are playing a game .
A brown dog is looking at a black horse that is sticking its head through a fence .
Two young men riding on a very small horse-drawn wagon full of potatoes .
A man is wearing a yellow jacket is wrangling an out of control horse in an outdoor stadium .
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country .
Cowboy preparing to lasso .
A person in a black jacket is grabbing a boy 's shoulder to stop him from backing into the road while a silver Mini is driving by .
Two persons in hooded coats on a street while a mini cooper car drives by .
Two men stop on the sidewalk to chat as a third passes by .
A man giving two thumbs up as he runs a race .
Three men accepting an award .
A man wearing a white cowboy hat , blue shirt , and black vest , is riding a black bull at a rodeo stadium .
A man trying to ride a very mad bull on a beautiful Saturday afternoon .
A cowboy is bucked off a steer while other men watch from the stands .
Cowboy riding a black bull in a ring .
A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo .
For people in black pants and white martial arts shirts with belts hold a pose with both arms raised while three casually dressed me look on from a door on the left .
A man in white pants and a blue shirt is kicking a yellow boxing bag .
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .
Man in a blue jumpsuit attempts to repair an escalator .
A man stands at a barbecues .
A little boy in a blue coat is playing next to some ducks in a park .
A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion .
A smiling young girl swimming in a lake or river that has murky water .
A boy takes a flying leap into the water .
A child leaping toward a red bed .
On a sunny , dry day , wearing full football gear , a Texas A&M football player tries to reach an Iowa State football player , for the football during the game .
An offensive player running with a football while a football player tries to stop him during a football game .
Two American football players in blue are tackling a football player in red .
A football player for the East Lake team takes down his opponent .
A University of Miami player holds a football .
Two people wearing all white are painting a brick wall .
As I slave over this assignment , I cautiously click on the answer !
Two children climb a rock wall as two people watch carefully .
Two men in suits under an umbrella and in front of graffiti .
A woman in a white shirt working on her laptop .
A woman in a black tank top holding her purse on one shoulder is looking at something in the distance while wind glows her light brown hair across her face .
Many people in the crowd look at the stage , some with balloons .
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside .
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .
A bride and her bridesmaids are posing for a picture .
Two young attractive women in front of a store drop coins for street performers .
A woman in a flowered skirt walks along the dirt streets in her village .
A woman wearing blue and red walks through a rustic urban area .
People walking down the street with a street vendor .
man in black walking up a sidewalk .
The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged at base by a girl on the other team .
A Pride softball team member hits the ball and runs towards first base while the umpire and catcher watch the ball .
The little boy lifts his leg and swings the bat in an attempt to hit the ball .
A woman runs after making a hit in women 's softball , the catcher rises to her feet .
A blond child swinging on a swing .
Man running wearing a blue shirt with a number taped to it .
A young boy with sunglasses is poised to run while a fair looms behind him .
A group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers .
girl child looking through a telescope in a serene setting
A girl looking through binoculars .
Two children wearing hats are standing on the shoreline , and a woman is holding one child by the arm while the other is fishing .
Children jumping in a pool surrounded by pool chairs and huts .
A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm , getting ready for his ride .
A solitary fisherman stands along a riverbank .
A young girl plays as a woman talks on phone .
An African-American boy wearing blue shorts , a black and red shirt , and white sneakers , is playing tennis .
A older gentleman and a young girl begin to work on a puzzle together .
A lady dressed in blue running a marathon .
A woman is doing yoga at the beach .
Three little kids are playing on a yard .
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper inside a newspaper stand .
A judo player in white attempts to submit a judo player in blue while on a yellow and red mat .
Two women ascend a telephone pole with special boots and straps on their waists .
A man trimming a palm tree inside a patio-type cafe ' .
Man cheering a friend with beers .
A determined soccer player kicks the soccer ball away from the opposing player , near a goal post , while the opposing player stays focused on the ball .
Some people are kicking a white ball on a beach .
There is a goalie in a swimming pool blocking the ball .
Several football players on a field in action .
A young soccer boy crying in the soccer field
Someone is lunging for a soccer ball near a net in a game of water soccer .
A soccer player in a yellow jersey is standing alone on the field .
Players in yellow jerseys are on the field .
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball .
A group of soccer players are playing soccer .
A busy plaza with three young women with an umbrella and buckets full of possessions , possibly homeless .
Two people are kissing on a sidewalk in front of a limo while people walk by .
A man and woman wait to cross a busy street in the city .
Man in illuminate jacket with headphones on looking .
Person standing with a cart on wheels in front of a brick building .
A little girl is sleeping with a book on her chest next to a doll .
There 's a young lady in the beach doing yoga .
Two men wearing swim trunks jump in the air at a moderately populated beach .
Volleyball players compete on a sunny day at the beach .
A young girl running on the beach .
An woman wearing a light-blue shirt adjusts her hair while sitting at a table .
A man in a black shirt sits beneath a 'no child left behind ' powerpoint presentation .
A homeless man holding a sign surrounded by buckets and crates .
A man in a plaid shirt shows off a black set of gloves .
An elderly man playing a drum .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
Man wearing teal jersey defending the soccer ball in the midst of soccer game on a rainy day .
A female soccer team wearing green , black and white uniforms is stretching before a game .
Men are playing soccer in muddy conditions .
Two soccer teams are on the field .
A man in a sleeveless brown shirt and khaki shorts sews on a piece of cloth covering a ramshackle shade structure .
I see a man putting his items from the shopping cart , ready to be checked out .
Two rugby teams , one in green and white uniforms , the other in black , are engaged in a scrum .
A yellow bulldozer working to move dirt .
Man in long-sleeve shirt mows his lawn .
A man wearing a striped shirt is smoking a cigarette on the street
An extreme cyclist stops to rest as the sun sets in the background .
A woman on a bicycle stops for a moment to converse .
Two children are playing with a bicycle .
Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture
a skateboarder is riding his board along the boundary stone of a parking lot .
A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks .
A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .
A man is skateboarding on a road while another man watches from the sidewalk .
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks .
A construction worker is driving heavy equipment at a work site .
A man in an orange safety vest is using a piece of machinery .
A woman in a brown vest is working on the computer .
a construction worker is frowning with a yellow vest
A worker in an orange vest is using a shovel .
A man in midair with his back touching that of another man hunched over
A black man leans over as a white man jumps on his back backwards .
A man with a mustache prepares to hammer a nail into a piece of tree .
Man works on top of scaffolding .
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
Five cyclists , all wearing the same uniforms , are riding one behind the other in a bicycle race .
Three men are examining a red and white race car .
A person in a black coat pulling a kid out of the road .
Two men stop to chat on the sidewalk as a car passes by .
A boy is leaning on a car with flowers on the hood .
The man with pierced ears is wearing glasses and an orange hat .
A man in a navy blue jacket holding a tool in his dirty hand .
A girl is kayaking in a blue boat , on a blue lake wearing an orange life jacket .
A man with a balloon hat makes balloon animals .
Masked protester surrounded by the police .
A boy wearing shorts , crocs , and a white shirt plays with a yo-yo while another boy looks at his yo-yo in the background .
Two bald ladies are wearing red dresses .
A young boy wearing white pants is jumping off the couch .
A small child with a distended stomach stands alone .
Young asian man paying his respects .
An elderly man dressed in a red and blue plaid shirt and brown camouflage cap is watching an event while eating a snack from a plastic bag on his lap .
The infant has plenty of toys , but attention is drawn to the nearby cat .
An elderly man with a camouflage hat and plaid jacket sitting in a chair .
A baby laughing on the floor .
A woman gives a small child a piggyback ride .
A football game is going on , with player on the field , squatting on the sidelines and standing , watching the game .
One young football player in a white jersey being tackled by another player in a blue jersey from the opposing team whose teammate is coming to assist him .
Football players tackle a member of the opposing team on a water drenched field .
A football coach and his team on the sidelines .
Young men playing football .
a man with a rolling stones t-shirt on with beige pants sitting in a highchair adjusting a black guitar
A female performer with a violin plays on a street while a woman with a blue guitar looks on .
A woman playing guitar in red and blue light
A man playing an accordion among in a public area .
man playing guitar on the street
Man falling off of a bucking bull , at a rodeo , in front of spectators .
Two men are trying to rope in a bull who is crashing down on one of them , in a contest at a corral .
Men in cowboy hats stand around at a rodeo .
A man being hit by a bull during an event , as another man runs to help .
A man is riding a bull in a rodeo .
An older gentleman , dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt , tosses a small red ball on the beach .
A man in a red shirt is sitting on the grass , and a ball is flying towards him .
A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball .
A man is laying down in the grass at a beautiful park .
A dog getting a ball in the snow
three musicians on a stage , two are guitarists , and one is wearing a hat , black striped pants , strumming a red electric guitar , and the other guitarist is strumming a white guitar while the other musician is wearing blue jeans and a black t-shirt and singing .
Young man wearing a rolling stones black t-shirt playing a guitar .
Two rockers are singing and playing on a dark stage .
A girl plays her guitar on a dark stage .
A young man in glasses sings and plays guitar .
A large , green , navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain 's hat and uniform .
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store .
A man touches his back pocket as a blond woman behind the counter of a convenience store looks at him .
A man riding a green motorcycle jumping nine other green motorcycles .
We have to go there to look into the machine .
A dog owner is running along side his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .
a brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick .
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
a doggy runs in the dry grass .
A woman walking up some stairs .
Two men , one in a green jacket and one in a red jacket , are trying to build a fire in the woods .
An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background .
The large round sculpture is surrounded by a brick plaza .
Five people in full gear are mountain climbing .
Two men are busy working .
Two law enforcement officers standing near one another with an open air market in the background .
Two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot , at night .
Security officers are standing near a sporting event tent .
The group of people are all covered by umbrellas .
A girl drinking from a water fountain .
A little boy holding a yellow , plastic shovel , crouches in the sand .
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people .
A smiling young girl swimming in a lake or river that has murky water .
A toddler is looking at clothes on a rack .
A boy in a red suit plays in the water .
A blond child is being bitten on the nose by a little orange kitten .
A man with glasses looks at camera while another man in a blue shirt looks intently at something .
A kid crosscountry skis wearing the number " 93 " .
Two women , one wearing a purple shirt , attempt to climb a utility pole .
Three men are wearing strange costumes .
A crowd of people run a marathon in a cityscape with two skyscrapers in the background .
Multiple people in running outfits are running with a cityscape in the background .
A girl at the shore of a beach with a mountain in the distance .
A woman is doing yoga at the beach .
Rhythmic gymnasts are new to the competitive olympics .
A man wearing blue coveralls is handing a tool to another person .
A man in glasses completes a task beside a monitor that is not on .
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .
A young kayaker wearing an orange life-vest is all alone in a lake .
A man stands at a barbecues .
a man with long hair pulled into a ponytail and thick framed black glasses stands at a stove stirring a pot of boiling water .
A man working diligently while sitting at a table .
Latin woman shows off homemade pizza in kitchen .
A man watches a pan catch fire while cooking in the kitchen .
The chef is trying to debone a chicken .
Possibly a preschool teacher trying to explain something to her class , the little mouse could care less .
A lady with dark hair is playing a harp .
A man in a banana custom is carrying four children on his back .
A woman plays with finger puppets as a small child in a costume walks by .
A karate instructor observes his students .
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
A woman in a gray sweater and black baseball cap is standing in line at a shop .
A black woman with a child on her back is standing in a field holding onto a pole .
Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling .
Battling between the sexes , who will win .
Two girls wearing pink have their hands in or near a fountain in a shopping complex where people throw coins in it .
A man with blond-hair , and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain .
Two people are staring at a river at night next to a statue of a man .
A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman .
A group of people stand under umbrellas .
A mountain biker travels along a dirt trail inside a heavily wooded area .
A cat is sitting atop a sign on the side of a building .
Asian woman wearing a sunhat while riding a bike .
Three girls are smiling for a picture .
A child is riding a bike down an alleyway with graffiti in it .
The man is standing on the white wall in front of the building .
Two people , wearing white , are painting a wall .
A woman walking past a wall of green and pink graffiti .
A young female artists paints an image of a woman on a wall .
Two kids are standing next to a small pond .
A man in a black hat and jacket is riding his bicycle .
A dirt biker with a helmet and black , white , and red shirt on rounding a curb
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods .
A blurred picture on a bicyclist .
A young boy in a white suit stands in front of a white car with large bunches of flowers tied to the roof and hood .
Three men are examining a red and white race car .
A man that appears to be running in a marathon gives us 2 thumbs up .
A man in a green jacket is working on his tire .
A man in a green jacket working on a car .
Three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field , while another player and an adult stand in the background .
Two defensive players jumping in the air to block a quarterback 's pass .
The team of men are playing a game in the sand .
A runner scrambles for yardage while being brought down by two tacklers .
four young football players in mid play .
On a sunny , dry day , wearing full football gear , a Texas A&M football player tries to reach an Iowa State football player , for the football during the game .
Two teams of boys playing football in the sand .
The team of men are playing a game in the sand .
A football player in a white uniform is holding a football .
A football player wearing white and green has a football .
The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot .
A hockey game is being played with lots of people watching it .
Two hockey players trying to score in their opponents goal .
hockey player in white uniform with stick
A hockey player guards the goal .
An adult couple is talking with a younger girl , and they are all smiling .
A woman and two men , that are dressed professionally , are having a discussion .
Two men and a woman standing in a circle having a conversation .
Two men and a woman are having a conversation .
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .
A baseball pitcher is halfway through his motion of throwing the ball .
a man smoking a cigarette and wearing a yankees hat trying to operate a camera .
A baseball player coming into home plate with knee held high and the catcher right in front of him waiting for the ball .
A boy wearing a cubs uniform winds up to hit a ball on a tee .
Two girls playing in a game of softball .
A mountain biker travels along a dirt trail inside a heavily wooded area .
An old skinny man wearing the dirty white shirt riding on a bicycle on the street
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .
A long , green board that has " lovely " written on it .
A woman in a cycling jersey rides a bicycle .
The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot .
The basketball player in the white uniform with the number 55 on it is guarding the player in the black uniform with the number 10 on it .
A basketball player in white squats while a player in red moves toward him .
Four people playing hockey in an ice rink .
A hockey player guards the goal .
A small child in water with a splash encircling him while the white clouds float over the mountains .
A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background .
a child in a white karate outfit practicing a move
A toddler is looking at clothes on a rack .
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake .
Possibly a preschool teacher trying to explain something to her class , the little mouse could care less .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing at a park .
Two children feeding horses through a fence .
Four children practice karate while two adults watch .
A karate instructor observes his students .
A black man stands behind a garbage can with his hand raised in front of a sign urging people to repent of various sins as boy in a school blazer holds the hand of a man in shorts .
Young man in a headband with other young people in background .
A photographer takes a picture of a group of one girl in a pink dress and 10 boys in suits and hats .
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head .
A man posing for the camera on steps .
A smiling child wearing a white t-shirt with stripes and skull and crossbones is swinging .
A boy in a red uniform is attempting to avoid getting out at home plate , while the catcher in the blue uniform is attempting to catch him .
An older man with a cigarette in his mouth and a ball cap inspects his camera .
Observers and Players watch a batting from a batter at a game .
Three men tackle someone from the opposite team .
Four different men sitting outside on cement steps in front of a building .
Costumed onlookers watch as a uniformed policeman makes a speech and a man in a suit holds a bowl of fruit .
Two people are standing around in front of an inflated blob machine .
Martial artist with rods performing in a parade .
A group of children prepare to perform .
A German Shepherd is running with a stick in its mouth .
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A brown dog is carrying a toy in its mouth .
A dog runs on the green grass near a wooden fence .
A dog running though a grassy field .
A woman wearing plaid pants rides a motorcycle down the road with a pillow and plant secured to the backseat .
A young boy in a red hat rides on a horse .
Four people are riding bicycles on a bike path near a busy street .
A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition .
Two person are riding their bicycles .
Three men of varying ages are working preparing something with pots and bowls .
A few guys outside grilling some food at night .
A man in a black hoodie is preparing food .
Indian man whittles in his own home .
A man is sharpening a knife .
An Asian man in spectacles and a t-shirt preparing some food .
Man with a white T-shirt and black rimmed glasses cooking a pot of food on the stove .
A man in white apron and blue shirt is cooking eggs outside for a woman in a tan coat .
a boy in an over-sized chef hat and apron , cutting sausages in the kitchen .
A businessman looking out his door .
A lady in a bikini is pouring a drink into a red cup for a man who is wearing trunks and sunglasses .
A man driving a four wheeled vehicle with four passengers riding on the front and a man sitting sideways on the back .
A family hurries across the street in a big city .
Street magician showing an act to a group of 5 people in a city .
A person outlined by the sun
An old man in dirty clothes rides a bike loaded with possessions down a busy city street .
A youth wearing a shirt and tie crouching down and giving the peace sign .
Old man riding a bicycle while a black Honda SUV drives by in the background .
Asian people ride their bikes in the street .
An Asian factory worker posing for the camera .
A woman sits at a primary colored children 's table , playing with building blocks , as two girls in pink dresses , and a boy in a red shirt surround her .
Three boys are playing with sponges and buckets of water .
A child dressed as a monkey walks in front of a woman playing with finger puppets .
A mother with her four children .
Children play on a jungle gym .
A woman on the uneven bars doing a gymnastics exercise while people are watch her out of focus .
A picture of five people at a bar with a closeup on the beer taps .
A tattooed man on a stage pours beer into another man 's mouth .
Gymnast doing handstand on a pole
A man stands next to three video machines .
Three little children in a grassy yard running towards the camera .
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach .
Two men , both with hats on , are playing volleyball on a beach .
A woman on a large floor twirling ribbons and she is wearing a uniform .
Only feet are visible above the water .
