The man with pierced ears is wearing glasses.
A man with glasses.
A man with gauges and glasses.
A man in an orange hat.
A man wears an orange hat.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden.
A Boston Terrier is running on lush green grass.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
A dog runs on the green grass.
A Boston terrier is running.
A young female student performing a downward kick.
Girl about to kick a piece of wood.
A girl kicking a stick.
A girl in karate uniform breaking a stick.
A girl breaking boards.
Five snowmobile riders line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles.
Five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow.
Five people wearing winter clothing stand outside in the snow.
A group of snowmobile riders.
Group gathered to go snowmobiling.
Two men sitting on the roof of a house.
Two men on a rooftop.
Three men work on a roof.
People are fixing the roof of a house.
Three men are working on a roof.
A bride in a light pink dress poses.
A group of men wearing dark suits and hats standing around a woman dressed in a strapless gown.
A group of one girl in a pink dress and 10 boys in suits and hats.
A man photographs a woman in a pink dress.
Man taking a photograph of a well dressed group of teens.
A group of 11 people in winter wear are standing in snow paddles outside a house made of ice blocks.
A group of people wearing snowshoes is standing in front of a building.
The people are quietly listening.
A group of people standing in front of an igloo.
Several students waiting outside.
A baseball player in red leaps into the air.
A boy in a red uniform is attempting to avoid getting out at home plate.
A baseball player coming into home plate.
A baseball player attempting to score a run.
A baseball catcher trying to tag a base runner.
A man wearing a hat is cleaning windows.
A man in a white shirt.
A man stands on boards.
Man works.
A guy works.
A man wearing a reflective vest.
Man in bright yellow vest displays bicycle safety information.
A man and woman talking.
A man in a vest is sitting in a chair.
A construction worker holds a sign.
A mother decides to take her child on a piggyback ride.
A baby boy in a blue and white striped shirt.
A mother and her young song.
A young woman gives a baby a ride.
A woman gives a small child a piggyback ride.
A male volleyball player in red trunks tries to block the shot of the opposing player.
Men play volleyball.
A group of spectators watch a men 's sand volleyball game.
Volleyball players compete.
Men playing volleyball.
A woman wearing a pink shirt and red apron stands in her restaurant holding food.
Woman wearing a yellow hat is holding food in a kitchen.
Employee in pink shirt.
A woman holding a bowl of food in a kitchen.
Women in store holding some food.
An Asian man in spectacles and a t-shirt.
A man working diligently while sitting at a table.
man sitting at a table in his home.
Indian man.
A man is sharpening a knife.
Spelunkers pose inside a rock cavern.
Shaft of light in a cave.
Three rock climbers are posing.
People stand inside a rock dome.
three people sit in a cave.
A girl in a polka dotted blue jean dress.
A girl in a jean dress is walking along a raised balance beam.
The little girl is walking a beam.
A little girl balances on a gymnastics beam.
A little girl is walking on a balance beam.
A couple is sitting on the sand with their feet in the water.
A man and woman wearing sunglasses sit halfway in the water.
A boy and a girl holding hands.
A couple with sunglasses are laying.
A blond holding hands with a guy.
A woman standing with 3 other people in a store with two tables.
A woman in a gray sweater and black baseball cap is standing in line at a shop.
A woman in a hat waits to be served at a store.
Young people are standing in the store.
A woman in a cap.
The person has a striped shirt on and is holding on to a rope.
A kid rock climbs.
The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing.
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain.
A young man climbs.
Two young attractive women in front of a store.
Two women enjoy the entertainment.
Two men
Two young women stop.
Pedestrians interact with street artists.
A group of people standing on the lawn.
Many people in blue jeans stand in front of a white church.
A large group of people
Family members standing outside.
People standing.
a young girl wearing a blue shirt marching in a band.
Girl wearing blue shirt and black shorts plays trumped.
A teenager plays her trumpet.
A girl playing trumpet.
Girl playing the trumpet.
Person in a brown sweatshirt does a flip.
A young adult is doing a back flip on a trampoline.
A woman is doing flips.
A woman does a somersault on a trampoline.
Trampolines are a fun way to exercise.
a man standing in a bar.
A man stands next to three video game machines.
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines.
A man is standing by a group of video games.
A man stands next to three video machines.
A woman in a green tank top looking at a drill .
a woman using a power drill.
A woman uses a drill.
A woman , in a teal tank top , holding a power drill.
Spectators about to watch a woman use a drill.
A woman wearing a pink sweater and eyeglasses is wiping a wooden table.
A woman in a pink sweater and an apron.
A lady with blond-hair and glasses works.
A woman in a pink sweater cleaning.
A woman in a pink shirt cleaning.
A man on a utility lift is standing in the tree branches.
This man cuts down trees on the job.
A man in black pants cutting bushes.
Man on crane cutting tree branches.
A man cutting branches of trees.
Four young Asian boys hold bowls and chopsticks as they stand around a barbecue.
Group of Asian boys wait for meat to cook over barbecue.
Four young boys.
Four young teens having fun.
A group of asians smiling.
Native Americans are dressed up in native clothing.
Three people are dressed in costumes.
Women , wearing traditional clothing , are reenacting native life.
A tribal performance.
The indian's are performing a dance.
A man holding another man by the back of the head about to punch him.
A man in red shirt displays his fighting technique.
One man holds another man's head down.
A man stands in striking position.
A strong man is hitting.
Six people ride mountain bikes.
Men are riding mountain bikes.
There are six men mountain biking .
People riding bikes on a trail in the forest.
A group of people is bike riding.
Two blond women.
two females in a sitting down in a populated area.
2 blond girls are sitting on a ledge.
A large number of people walk or rest near a fountain.
Two women have a seat.
A small child in water with a splash encircling him.
A little boy is playing in the water.
A young boy plays in the water.
A child is splashing in the water.
A boy playing.
Three people sit at an outdoor table.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building.
Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench.
A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
Young men look over the edge of a bridge.
The boys are having fun.
3 boys are standing on a pier.
A man is sitting on a wooden guard rail.
Boys look over a bridge.
A woman wearing a short-sleeved striped shirt.
An employee is handing a woman a bag
A woman at a fish market is looking at the fish.
The woman is at marketplace buying fish.
A lady in a striped shirt is shopping at a fish market.
A female harp player peers through the middle of her instrument.
A lady with dark hair is playing a harp.
A pretty woman plays a harpsichord.
A smiling woman.
A woman playing a harp.
A security officer with a tiny face and big glasses leans on a metal gate.
Outside a building, a uniformed security guard looks at the camera from behind a fence.
A customs officer leaning on a bike rack.
An officer squints directly at the camera.
Park Ranger looking very stern.
A girl wearing a black t-shirt is holding a small pizza.
Woman who just took pizza out of the oven.
Latin woman shows off pizza in kitchen.
A young woman is ready to eat the pizza.
The young lady is looking at the pizza.
A shirtless man is fishing.
A shirtless man in shorts is fishing.
A shirtless man in jean shorts.
A solitary fisherman.
A man with no shirt fishing.
A young girl floats.
a young girl wearing a bulky red life jacket.
The little girl is wearing a floating device.
A girl wearing a life vest floats
A girl floating.
A man in a military-type uniform is standing in the street listening to another man.
A man in uniform and a man in a blue shirt are standing in front of a truck.
A man in a blue shirt gesticulates as he speaks.
A man in dressy clothes.
We have to go there.
A man in glasses and an Asian woman are seated across from each other in a subway train.
Two men and one woman are sitting in a subway train.
Several people sit.
People sit inside a train.
People on a subway.
A brown-haired child in green shoes swings.
The sun breaks through the trees.
A child wearing Crocs sits on a swing.
A kid swings with his feet up in the air.
A child swings.
A man in a red shirt and blue pants is going into a building.
A man walking into a building.
A man walks into a maroon building.
A man in a red shirt.
A man walking into s foreign building.
Two male friends in swimming trunks jump on the beach.
Two middle-aged men.
Two men wearing swim trunks jump in the air at a moderately populated beach.
Two men wearing swimming trunks.
Two men jumping at a rocky beach.
A toddler grasping the handle of a tool to stir food in a bowl.
A naked baby makes a face.
A toddler is cooking.
Toddler is helping to stir ingredients.
A toddler mixes some food.
A father and daughter holding a young tree upright, ready to be planted.
A father-figure and two children outside their home.
A man and a little girl in a grassy area are planting a tree.
Two small children with older man.
A man and two children are planting a tree.
A man wearing a black sweater cooks food in a pan.
A man is cooking on a stove in a kitchen.
A man in a black hoodie.
A man preparing food.
A man cooks food.
An older gentleman , dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt , tosses a small red ball.
An elderly man.
A man in jeans.
Man on the beach throwing a red ball.
A man plays with a ball.
Many people are walking along a sidewalk.
A man with a backpack.
People are walking along the sidewalk in a marketplace.
People walking down sidewalk.
People are walking by stores.
A wakeboarder performs a flip.
A man doing a flip.
A person did a side flip.
A man hangs upside in the air.
A person on a water board.
Four police officers are swallowed up.
A large crowd of people walking.
A large crowd of people are walking down the street.
A large group of people fill a street.
A large crowd of people are walking.
A man wearing bathing trunks.
A man on a zip line being propelled through the water.
A man in a harness.
A man on a tag line.
A man in a harness.
A woman's lower body can be seen as she wears blue jeans.
A woman wearing rolled up jeans is walking past a bus carrying a shopping bag.
A woman whose head is not visible walks in front of a bus .
A woman wearing rolled up jeans passing bus.
A woman in jeans walks by a bus.
A young man wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt sits in the grass.
A man in a red shirt is sitting on the grass.
A man in a pink shirt is sitting in the grass.
A man is laying down in the grass.
A man sitting in the grass .
Red white and blue SUV patrolling the beach and shoreline on a cloudy day.
A red, white, and blue security vehicle is driving down a rocky beach.
A truck.
Orange SUV drive by the shore.
A car is parked at the beach.
Two young men dressed in black stand next to each other.
Two guys standing side by side.
Two men are watching.
two men wearing black.
Two male spectators.
A crowd is watching 2 shirtless men perfom.
A man in yellow pants is being watched by many people.
There is a man with yellow pants.
The man in the yellow pants is raising his arms.
A muscular man in yellow pants.
Two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water.
Two men wearing hats are walking near a body of water during sundown.
Two men stand beneath a tree.
Two mature hikers take a break.
Two men playing golf near water.
Three people dressed in blue, white and black leotards are being held up by the hands of a set of two people each on the ground.
A group of male and female cheerleaders create formations.
Nine cheerleaders perform acrobatics.
A cheerleading team doing a routine.
Male cheerleading squad performs.
A young boy is looking at a checkers board.
A boy is playing checkers.
Children are contemplating their next move.
The children are playing checkers.
Children playing checkers.
A woman in pink jeans is helping a child to skate.
Figures ride bicycles while a couple walk and a child wears rollerskates.
People happily walking along a street.
Small child is rollerskating.
A crowd of people in public park.
A man sits on a bench holding his dog.
A man holding a dog sitting on a bench.
A man and a dog sit on a bench near a body of water.
A man and his dog watch the sunset from a bench.
a man holds his dog.
Two boys wearing red jackets are digging shovels.
A man in a red jacket and a child dig with shovels at a park near the beach.
A boy and his younger brother playing together.
Two people dig with shovels.
Two children playing in the sand.
Woman dressed in blue sitting on a bench with a cane next to her.
A woman in blue looks in a black leather bag.
An old woman is sitting on a bench
Decorated limo passing by elderly woman.
A woman in a blue shirt looks in her change purse.
Light brown dog running towards something.
The large gray colored dog is jumping.
A gray colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach.
The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach.
A gray dog.
An Asian woman wearing a Asian dress sitting among a group of cloths.
A woman is sitting with a basket of cloth.
An Asian woman selling silk scarfs.
A young oriental woman sitting amongst her belongings.
An Asian woman is selling colorful fabrics.
A man in a blue and white t-shirt is grilling.
A man gives the thumbs up.
A man in a blue shirt.
A man.
A man.
Woman singing with a microphone.
A woman sings into a microphone.
A woman sings in a club.
A female performer.
A band.
A girl is playing an electric guitar.
Guitar player performs at a nightclub.
A woman playing guitar.
A girl plays her guitar.
A woman is playing guitar.
A woman in a green dress sitting.
a child sitting on a lawn chair
A girl with brown hair.
A young girl.
A woman sitting on a chair.
Three men and two women.
A group of people stand in the sand.
Five people standing in front of a body of water.
Two ladies and three men.
Five people look out toward the ocean.
A girl.
A female performer with a violin plays on a street.
Two ladies play the violin and the guitar.
Two women on the street.
2 women are standing in a street.
A young girl enjoys the cool pool water.
A dark-skinned girl with goggles and black hair.
A young girl with goggles.
A young girl swimming in a pool.
a young girl swimming.
Some children are playing tug-of-war with a rope.
Several children are outdoors.
Children.
Elementary school students play tug-of-war.
A group of children.
Three people dancing acrobatically in a subway station.
A person is cartwheeling over another person.
Three teenagers.
Four people in the subway.
Three people dancing in the subway.
A brown dog walks in the grass.
A gray dog walks in the green grass.
A brown dog is panting hard.
A tan dog jogging.
A dog running.
Two men sitting in front of a building.
A group of people are sitting on the grass.
People sitting in the grass outside a building.
Two people sit on a grassy lawn.
People sitting outside a house.
Several people are walking through a crowded outdoor area.
Shirtless guy staring off in the distance.
A shirtless man and three women walk outside.
Four people dressed for warm weather.
These people are walking
Two boys try to attach fruits to a bicycle.
Two young men getting ready to move fruit.
Two young men are loading fruit.
Two young boys.
Two young boys.
An African American man with a black hat and black tank top plays the drums.
A man in a black t-shirt is playing drums on an upside down yellow pail.
A muscular African-american man pan-handling.
One man in a black muscle shirt is playing the drums.
A man is sitting on the street.
A girl is outside painting a picture.
A woman drawing a portrait on a white wall.
A woman working on a painting.
A young female artists paints an image of a woman on a wall.
A woman is completing a picture.
Two teammates from the USA team.
Two female members of team USA.
Two volleyball girls team jumping for a double high-five.
A group of volleyball girls high-fiving each other.
Females jump in the air excitedly.
A man with long hair pulled into a ponytail stands at a stove stirring a pot of boiling water.
Man with a white T-shirt cooking a pot of food on the stove.
Young white male preparing food.
A man stirring a pot of liquid.
A man with glasses stirs a pot.
A young man is wakeboarding.
The boy is wakeboarding.
A guy waterskiing behind a boat.
a man wakeboards.
Blond boy.
Several people walking past a food cart.
A vendor on a busy street is selling food.
A hotdog vendor in the street.
A man is working a hotdog stand.
A hotdog stand.
A group of spectators sitting in lawn chairs.
People sitting around.
A large group of people of various ages and genders sit outside together.
People sit in green chairs at tables in the street.
People in the crowd are having a drink.
A blond woman pours a glass of wine.
A woman in a restaurant pouring wine into a clear glass.
A blond-haired woman is pouring drinks.
A woman with a tag.
A lady in the kitchen is pouring wine.
A little boy is wearing a blue and white shirt.
A small child wearing a blue and white t-shirt.
A little boy in a light blue shirt playing outside.
A young smiling child holds his toy alligator.
A little boy holding a baby reptile.
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk.
A red-haired woman in black.
A girl with bright red-hair is posing on a tree trunk.
A girl laying on the tree.
A woman with pink hair dressed in black.
A sushi restaurant with a man cooking.
The man in a Japanese cooking suit.
A teppanyaki chef prepares dinner.
A man cooking at a restaurant.
A chef cooking at a hibachi grill.
A girl leaps through the air.
A little girl jumps from one rock to another.
A girl jumping from one rock to another.
A blond girl wearing blue.
A girl hops across the river.
A man waring a polo shirt fixes a ticket machine.
A woman dressed in black with shopping bags is waiting.
A male worker with his tool box is kneeling next to two women.
A man working on a ticket machine.
A man working on a ticket box.
An old man with arms outstretched sits.
Old man with black shirt throws hands up.
A gray-haired man is sitting down.
An older man is opening his arms wide.
a man in a gray shirt holds his hands in the air.
A young boy wearing a white tunic is standing on his left leg.
One little boy working hard in his martial arts class.
A child in a white karate outfit.
A young boy practices martial arts.
A young child.
Three construction workers are digging.
Three men wearing safety vests are doing yard work.
Three men in reflective vests.
Three men in same colored vests.
Three men work behind a short wall.
A woman takes a picture of a baby.
A man is holding his baby.
A baby with a pink hat.
A woman takes a photo of a baby.
Woman is taking a picture.
A number of people are sitting in blue chairs in a room
A large group of kids in a room sitting on front of there computers.
Many youth are gathered in a computer lab working at computers.
Many people wearing headphones are sitting in blue chairs.
A group of mostly asian children sitting at cubicles.
A young boy is wearing a green jersey and black shorts.
A young boy in a soccer uniform.
A kid is crying.
A child.
A young soccer boy crying.
A woman with a black shirt and tan apron is standing behind a counter.
A female barista dressed in black is making coffee.
A girl in a black shirt.
A happy woman is preparing a refreshment.
A young woman.
A construction worker is driving heavy equipment.
A man in an orange safety vest.
A man using a bulldozer.
heavy machinery.
Construction equipment at work.
A softball player dressed in a maroon and gold uniform , at home plate with a catcher and umpire
A Pride softball team member hits the ball and runs towards first base.
A girl dressed in a red uniform is hitting a softball with a bat.
A woman runs after making a hit in women 's softball.
Girl hits a ball.
A man wearing blue coveralls is handing a tool to another person.
A man in a navy blue jacket.
A man in a work uniform passing a tool.
Man in a blue jumpsuit attempts to repair an escalator.
A man with a mustache works.
Climbers with hiking boots and blue helmets ascend.
A group of hikers are climbing up a snowy mountain.
A group of people are hiking.
Five people in full gear are mountain climbing.
A group of people.
A mountaineer descends down a mountain.
A boy in blue shorts and a white shirt begins repelling down a rock.
A person wearing a blue hard hat.
Man in white shirt.
A man rock climbing.
A man in long pants does a handstand.
A man is doing a handstand on a sculpture.
Someone is doing a handstand.
A man doing handstand.
A person does a handstand.
A child sitting at a restaurant table.
A child with a mask on sitting at a table.
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask.
Child in a restaurant.
A young child wearing a mask.
A reddish brown dog walking in water.
A dog is running through a creek.
A brown dog wades into a lake.
A dog carries a stick through the water.
A dog.
Two children wearing hats.
An adult wearing a black shirt and tan pants is standing at the water's edge.
A mother teaches her two young boys to fish off of a rocky coast.
Two young children and an adult are fishing.
A family fishes.
A young child walks down a gravel path.
A racetrack with red chairs stacked beside fence.
A child in a striped shirt walks by some red chairs.
A child walking.
A little kid.
A girl sits on a decorated bike with a younger boy.
A girl is taking a picture.
Two people ride a colorful bike.
Two people ridding a bicycle.
Two people on a bicycle.
A black dog paddles through the water.
A black dog.
A black dog is swimming.
A black dog.
A black dog is retrieving a ball.
A man in a blue shirt is kicking a yellow object.
A man in white pants is kicking a yellow boxing bag
A man is practicing his kicks.
Man in a blue shirt.
A man kicking a workout bag.
A Chinese man and younger boy in a worship place.
A young boy and an old men.
Old woman in yellow holding tissue over young boys head.
Two Indian men participating in a ceremony.
Young asian man paying his respects.
A young man with a denim jacket smiles in front of a bookcase full of videos.
A boy with a bruised nose is standing in a video rental store.
A boy wearing a jean jacket smiling at the camera.
A young man in a jean jacket smiles for the camera.
A boy with writing on his hand is standing.
Two men are sitting in a canoe in the middle of a lake.
Two people sitting on a kayak.
Two silhouetted people.
Two people canoe down a river.
Two people in a canoe.
People are standing on a crowded subway.
People inside a subway car.
A man is standing in the window of a subway car.
An Asian man with dark hair wearing a dark shirt.
An Asian man wearing a Nike shirt is on a train.
Man in black pants and vest balances between to pillars.
A well-dressed man climbing between two columns.
A man in a suit is straddling two pillars.
juggler standing.
man scaling wall
Two brown dogs run across a large snowy yard.
Two brown dogs are running.
two brown dogs running through the snow.
Two dogs race across a snowy field.
Two dogs run through a snowy field.
A group of musicians are performing on a stage.
On stage photo of small band performing.
A band on stage performing.
A band plays on stage.
a band playing on stage.
A woman holds the hand of a wide-eyed baby.
A mother and her baby.
A baby is laying on a pillow wearing Christmas pajamas.
A baby in a Christmas outfit looks at the camera.
A woman smiling.
An eastern Indian man with glasses is sitting by a computer.
A man in glasses completes a task.
A man is on a computer.
A man.
a man with glasses typing.
A woman wearing a black and white shirt , glasses and has a ring on her right hand.
This lady has heard a funny joke.
A woman sitting.
Lady with glasses sitting.
A woman in a sweater.
A man in a brown jacket holding a red bag is speaking to another man.
A man on a brown coat is talking to a man with black pants.
Two men.
People inside of a building.
Two elderly men.
Four white dogs are running.
Four muzzled black and white dogs racing.
Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall.
A group of dogs wearing muzzles running a race.
dogs racing.
A woman with short black hair in a blue t-shirt holds a baby.
A woman with short hair holds a small baby.
The woman with the blue shirt holds a baby.
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby.
A woman talks to her newborn child.
Two people are seated in striped outdoor chairs.
Two people sitting fishing on striped beach chairs.
Two men sit in beach chairs.
Two men are sitting in chairs in the water.
Men sitting in chairs in shallow water.
A Indian lady sitting making a clothing piece.
A woman works extremely hard while working on some type of weaving.
A woman is measuring fabric with a wooden tool.
An old woman working.
A woman makes fabric.
A little boy is standing.
A boy standing.
A boy watches his classmates play in a courtyard.
A boy standing and watching.
A boy stands overlooking a schoolyard.
A person in a black jacket is grabbing a boy's shoulder.
Two persons in hooded coats on a street.
A person in a black coat.
A man in a blue coat.
A Car speeding past 2 pedestrians.
A woman stands in a field surrounded by gray dogs.
Three brown dogs are jumping up at the woman.
A girl holds something.
The woman and three dogs are in a field.
Three gray dogs jump at a woman.
A boy is hanging out of the window of a yellow taxi
A little boy sitting in the window of a taxi cab.
a boy hangs out of a passing taxi cab
A kid sitting.
The boy
A man wearing jeans and boots is jumping into the air with a white sandy hill below him.
A man in a long-sleeved gray shirt and jeans.
A man in a gray shirt jumps over a sand dune.
A man in a gray shirt jumps off a sandy hill.
The man in the gray shirt is jumping.
A boy wearing an orange doritos shirt.
A child wearing a yellow Doritos shirt jumps up.
A boy wearing an orange shirt.
A boy wearing a orange Doritos jersey.
A child wearing a yellow shirt is jumping.
A man in a yellow coat is on a blue industrial crane.
A worker in a yellow suit is working high above the city.
A worker in a yellow jacket is hoisted up.
A worker in a red hat and yellow coat.
A Heavy machine lifting up a worker.
A group of young people are listening.
A man is standing in front of a classroom.
A man in a blue jacket is standing in front of a small group of people.
A man in Brazil giving an informal talk.
A hispanic man.
A bunch of beer pull tabs at a bar.
A picture of five people at a bar.
A bald headed man is standing by the beer pumps.
christmas tree lights hang.
A man in a bar.
A man.
A person rappelling a cliff.
A man is repelling down a cliff.
A man is abseiling down a cliff.
A person is swinging by a cord.
A man dressed in all black is wearing shades and standing in snow.
A man standing.
A man in black is walking to his truck.
Man in black standing by parked car.
Guy outside of his car.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping.
A white and brown dog.
A small dog on a leash jumps toward a pink ball.
A fox terrier leaps after a ball.
A terrier.
A female police officer stands in uniform in front of a window-lined street block.
A female police officer in a cap and navy uniform smiles.
Young, smiling, blond female police officer from New York standing outside.
An attractive young New York City policewoman pauses.
A police woman.
A lady pushes a stroller.
An old man in a green shirt is walking down a paved path.
A man and three kids.
A Family going for a walk.
A family walks through a park.
A man in a green hard hat and yellow vest is looking down.
A man in a green hard hat frowns.
A worker in a yellow safety vest.
a construction worker is frowning
A man standing in a yellow jacket.
A young girl dancing in her socks.
Child with pink strings on head.
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances.
A little girl dances.
The blond girl is dancing.
a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore.
A dog with a snub nose.
A dog is walking through some gravel.
A large brown dog.
A brown dog walks on the rocks.
A chinese man wearing glasses sitting on a chair.
A man in a white shirt doing some kind of work.
A man prepares his local stand.
A man sits on a small chair.
This man is at work on the street.
A man in a red shirt is smiling with food in front of him.
A man sits in an outdoor cafe.
A man in a red shirt is about to eat a taco.
A man eating.
A man in a red shirt is eating.
Woman in a white dress standing with a tennis racket.
Young pretty blond women holding a tennis racket.
A young woman in a fashionable tennis outfit.
Slim , blond woman in white dress.
A young lady in white.
A little boy holding a yellow, plastic shovel crouches in the sand.
A boy wearing a red shirt digs into the sand.
A little boy squats.
A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks.
A little boy is kneeling.
a woman in a pink coat.
A woman in a pink parka with a yellow striped bag sits alone on a bench.
A lady in a pink coat.
An individual wearing rose jacket site idle
Woman in pink parka sits near vending machine.
A man wearing a white shirt.
A man wearing a white button down shirt.
A man in a white shirt peers out.
Man looking out the window.
Man on train.
A young woman with blond-hair is holding a white statuette.
Asian person holding a white porcelain Asian figurine of a woman.
The blond-haired woman with the black jacket.
A woman is holding a small white statue.
A blond woman holding a white statue.
Six shirtless children are playing in natural water.
A group of kids.
Many children play in the water.
Six kids splash in water.
Kids play in the water.
A man and a woman ride bicycles.
Two people bicycle on a path.
Two people ride bikes.
Two cyclists traverse a green terrain.
Two people are riding bikes.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk.
A girl jumping rope.
A blond child jumping rope on a sidewalk.
A girl jumps rope.
A small girl jumping rope.
A man in an orange shirt.
A man wearing a helmet smiles.
A man with a blue helmet.
A man wearing an orange shirt.
A man smiling.
A small boy plays with plastic blocks , cars , and animals
A young Caucasian child and another adult lady are playing .
Young child and woman with glasses.
A woman is playing toys with a young toddler.
New Mom plays with her baby.
A mother and two children opening gifts.
Two ladies and a little girl opening gifts.
Older women and younger girl.
A family opening up their Christmas presents.
A little girl opening a Christmas present.
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera.
The woman in blue is operating a camera.
A woman with a camera on a tripod is smiling.
A woman holding onto a camera.
People at a photo shoot
A little girl in cuffed jeans is sleeping on the sofa.
The little girl is sitting in the chair.
A little girl is sitting on a chair or couch.
A little girl tries taking a nap.
A sleepy little girl.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest.
a brown and black dog running on a trail.
A black and brown dog running.
A doggy runs in the dry grass.
A dog running down a hill.
A dog jumps by a tree.
A dog leaps high.
A dog chases another.
Two dogs are playing.
Two dogs play.
A dog with a black and brown marbled coat scowls at the camera.
A navy walking.
A brown dog.
A brown dog standing at the bottom of stone stairs.
A woman walking up some stairs.
An Asian man in a green uniform shirt with a white speckled headband is using a torch to cook food.
A man , wearing a green shirt , is cooking food.
Two men dressed in green are preparing food.
A check with a green shirt uses a blowtorch.
Two men cooking fast food.
A man dressed in black leather and a cowboy hat.
A man with a sleeveless black vest and a black cowboy hat is talking to another man.
a man wearing leather pants.
The man is dressed in all black.
Men are standing outside a tent.
A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail.
a white dog is running on a grassy path.
A white dog with a blue collar runs.
A dog runs outside.
A white dog fetching a yellow toy.
A dog wearing a cape is running.
Dog running though the snow.
Dog wearing a coat.
A dog wearing a cover.
Dog in jacket running through snow.
a small black and white dog running on the beach.
A fluffy black-and-white dog runs from three people on a sandy beach.
A shaggy dog runs.
Dog in foreground .
A family is playing on the beach.
A woman and little boy are smiling.
A woman and a child embrace.
A young mother is letting her child lick a wooden cooking spoon clean.
A woman holds a young boy
A mother and child are baking.
A man with a bright reflective vest.
A man in a brown coat , with a fancy scarf , waits next to a woman.
A woman looking at a piece of paper.
Man in illuminate jacket.
Two men and a lady standing outside.
A group of people examine a boat with an orange flag.
Many fishermen are trying to drag a boat to the shore.
A group of people push a boat onto the beach.
A group of men using logs to push a boat.
A group of young men and women push a boat.
A man wearing a baseball hat reads while sitting in an Italian restaurant.
A man in a black sweater and cap looks at a paper.
A man is reading the newspaper.
A man drinks.
Man in black hat sipping wine.
A well-dressed man plays a grand piano.
A man in dress clothing.
A man wearing a all black.
A man in a black suit plays the piano.
A man playing piano.
Little boy wearing a dark blue shirt playing with a soccer ball.
A blond boy wearing a blue shirt king a soccer ball.
A young boy wearing a blue jersey is playing soccer.
A young boy in a soccer uniform prepares to kick a soccer ball.
A young boy.
The man is standing on a stone stump.
A man is standing on a stone structure.
A man standing on a concrete platform.
Man with outstretched arms.
Man standing on rock.
The dog tries to bite the water.
A black dog bites at a stream of water on the grass.
A black dog is being squirted with water.
A dog drinks water.
A dog drinks.
A female couple.
Two women wearing tank tops are looking at the camera.
Two women.
Two best friends embracing their friendship.
Two girls posing for the camera.
A man.
The man with the brown hair is at the shop.
A man is sitting in a barber 's chair.
A man.
There is a large man.
A child is walking through a puddle.
A young child wearing green boots.
The little boy is jumping into a puddle.
The child is running through a puddle.
A child in green shoes.
A man in blue overalls and red shirt.
A man in blue overalls is operating a chainsaw.
A man in blue overalls is sawing wood.
A man using a chainsaw to cut lumber.
A man is sawing a piece of wood.
A man in a checked shirt is sitting at a table.
A man sitting at a picnic table with a tray and partially consumed beer.
A man sits at a wooden table and looks away to a crowd of people.
A man sits at a table outside.
A man sits at a table outdoors.
A small boy dressed in a black sweatshirt holds a red bat.
A little boy.
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats.
The boy wearing a black shirt is holding a red baseball bat.
A young boy.
A dark-haired bearded man in glasses is sitting on the grass.
A man with a beard and glasses.
A man with glasses and a beard sitting.
An unshaven man sits in front of an evergreen tree.
A man wearing glasses.
Greyhounds racing.
Four dogs in blue , green , red and black jerseys are racing.
Dogs with muzzles are racing.
Four dogs race around a turn.
Dogs run.
A shirtless man with tattoos , glasses and a baseball hat.
A light technician man aims a spotlight.
A man with tattoo 's.
A white man.
A middle-aged male is holding a spotlight.
a dog wearing a yellow collar.
A German shepherd is showing its teeth.
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd.
Two German sheperds.
Two German Sheppard dogs.
People are standing around inside.
This is a group of people standing around.
A group of young people stand around waiting for something.
Young people hang out.
Youngle people standing together.
The brown dog with the white chest is carrying a ball.
Brown dog with objest in mouth.
A brown dog is carrying a toy in its mouth.
A brown and white dog.
A dog running.
An silver-haired man stands on the cobblestones of an open-air square.
Man with white hair playing an accordion.
A older man playing the accordion.
A man playing an accordion among in a public area.
A man playing the accordion.
A girl sitting outside a coffee house.
A brunette woman inside a coffee shop is watching.
A woman with brown hair and blue pants is sitting.
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench.
A woman sitting on a bench by a coffee house.
A man plays both a pan pipe and a small stringed instrument.
A man next to a bicycle is playing a pan flute.
A man is sitting outside playing music.
A man.
A street musician playing.
Two boys holding a green rope.
Two boys are standing on a balance beam.
Two young boys playing a game.
Two kids are balancing.
two boys on a balance beam
The motorcycle is being ridden on a track.
A man riding a motorcycle.
A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel.
A man stands on his motorcycle.
A man doing tricks.
A girl.
A young woman is laying in the sun.
A young woman with a purple cloth hiding her face relaxes on a wooden deck.
A girl lays on a wooden deck.
A girl is sunning herself.
A woman wearing sunglasses sits on a red bench.
A woman is sitting and staring on a red bench.
The woman in the brown shirt is sitting on a bright red bench.
A woman in a black shirt sitting.
Woman.
A black dog is slowly crossing a fallen log.
The black dog is walking along a bridge over water.
A dog crossing a river.
The dog walks across the stream.
A dog walks on a log.
Small child in white shirt and print shorts.
A boy with his hands above his head.
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green shorts standing on a stump.
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park.
A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post.
A small crowd gathered at a local seaman monument.
A crowd forms on a busy street.
A group of people watching a performer.
The group of people.
A group of people stand under umbrellas.
A man uses a bicycle to transport a sight.
A bicyclist passes with a giant sign that reads " lovely. "
A man advertises with a giant sign.
A long , green board.
A man on a moped is riding down the street.
a person in a green jacket throws a stick into the water for a black and white dog.
A man is standing at edge of a pond.
A man is throwing a big stick into the water.
A man is throwing a log into a waterway.
Someone is at the water's edge.
A group of people sit under a white shade tent.
Four elderly people.
Group of elders.
Four people playing instruments.
people sitting in the chair
A crowd of people walking down the middle of a city street.
A large group of people walking.
A crowd of people walking in the street.
A crowd is assembled in a street.
A view of a crowded city street.
A woman in a white button up shirt.
A blond woman displays a written poster.
A young blond woman holds a white rope.
A woman in white clothing.
A woman in a white shirt.
At an outdoor event , one man is speaking into a megaphone.
Two young people in blue shirts.
Two young men in blue holding a loudspeaker.
Two people in blue shirts are outside.
People in blue shirts using a megaphone.
A man watches eagerly as his black dog leaps into the water.
a black dog sprints near the blue fence.
Black dog running.
A black dog in a red harness.
A black dog.
A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle.
A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse.
A cowboy is riding a bull on a rodeo.
A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco
Cowboy
A man in an orange vest and yellow hard hat looks on as a yellow vehicle lays track.
A railroad work crew performs maintenance.
Construction workers.
Workers laying gravel.
Men working on the railway lines.
A man in an orange vest works near a blue-draped fence.
Construction worker in orange vest.
A worker in a hard hat and orange vest is working.
A town worker working on electrical equipment.
A worker in an orange vest is using a shovel.
Two men wearing helmets and orange suits
Two construction workers have a discussion.
Two construction workers with orange jackets are talking.
Construction workers.
Two men with hard hats.
Two men are walking up a ramp.
Two men walk up a ramp.
The people are walking up the ramp.
Three men are walking up hill.
Three people walking.
An Asian bride , wearing a white wedding dress , is holding a bouquet of flowers.
An Asian woman in a floral wedding dress.
A bride poses on a boardwalk.
A woman in white marriage dress poses.
A bride and her bridesmaids are posing.
a man with a rolling stones t-shirt on with beige pants.
Young man wearing a rolling stones black t-shirt.
A young shaved head man tunes his guitar.
A young man tunes his guitar.
A guy sitting on a chair tunes his guitar.
A group of boys in swim gear.
Three boys are playing.
Three kids.
Boys in shorts jump and play outside.
Three young boys play.
Construction workers in orange and yellow vests with jeans work.
Three workers in safety vests and hard hats lay cement.
Three construction workers.
Three workers in bright vests.
Road workers paving a road.
A group of young adults taking a break from boating.
Several young people congregating by two canoes.
People chilling in at forest.
Six people are sitting.
Friends are going canoeing.
A group of young girls all dressed in blue shirts with black pants are standing around.
A group of young girls wearing blue tops and black skirts standing behind blue music stands.
A group of young female musicians.
A choir group is gathered together in a church.
A group of children prepare to perform.
A group of young people actively jumping into the air.
A group of young teenagers are jumping at night.
A group of teenagers jumping.
A group of preteens jumping.
Teens doing there best.
A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle.
A blue boat and orange boat.
Two men.
Two guys are kayaking down a creek.
Two men are paddling their small canoes through the water.
Two people wearing all white are painting a brick wall.
Two people, wearing white, are painting a wall.
Two workers spread cement.
Two women repair a wall.
Two people painting a wall.
A young woman in a red sweater sits on the ledge of a red gazebo on a sunny day.
somber faced woman wearing dark jeans and a red top sitting on the edge of a porch.
A lady wearing a redish sweater and jeans is sitting.
A woman in a red jacket and blue jeans.
A girl in a red sweater.
Two performers putting on a mock fight.
Two men participate in a recreation of a medieval sword fight.
Two people putting on a show.
Two people recreating a medieval fight.
Two men.
A man dressed in military uniform sits down.
A man in army fatigues is reading something.
The soldier looks out the window.
A soldier is looking out.
A GI waits at an airport.
The man in the yellow jacket is cooking over an open fire.
A person holds a frying pan.
A man in a yellow coat tends a fire.
a person cooking on a fire.
The adult cooks over the fire.
A man in a red shirt and jeans and a toddler on a rock.
A man in a red shirt and a small boy.
A man and a child are at the water's edge.
man laying on the ground.
A man and a boy on a beach.
A woman on a boat named "El Corazon" drops black weights.
A woman is standing on the deck of a boat.
A boater pulls a weight.
A woman raising the anchors on a boat.
A woman lowering ballast.
A person sitting on a ledge.
A blond child.
Boy with red shoes
A boy sitting on and looking out from a microscope.
A boy looks over the city.
A barefooted little girl in a pink dress.
A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping.
A little girl is jumping.
little girl in pink dress running.
The girl loves her pink dress.
People gather.
People sitting at tables.
The people are sitting.
People are sitting around a tent.
People are gathered in a park.
A young Asian man with long black hair in a t-shirt and shorts.
A youth with a black shirt that says "Asian Pacific 2007" plays a drum.
A guy with long hair.
A man in a black shirt.
A young man is sitting in front of a drum.
A squatting couple outdoors, engaged with a kneeling street performer or vendor.
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book.
A man selling items near the roadside.
A man in blue with a white wrap around his forehead reading a book.
The man is on his knees.
A girl in a yellow bathing suit laughs.
Girl in bathing suit pointing and laughing at child in orange bathing bottoms.
The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange.
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside.
little girls in swimsuits are laughing.
A dog jumping over high jump poles.
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle.
A small dog jumps over a striped gate.
A dog jumps over an obstacle.
A small dog leaps a barrier.
A dirty tan dog rolling in the dirt.
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt.
The brown dog.
A dog rolls on the ground.
A dog.
Two brown and white dogs play roughly in a clearing.
Two dogs.
Two brown dogs playing.
Two brown dogs fight.
Two brown dogs wearing collars.
A man in a chef's uniform holding a large skillet over a stove.
A man wearing all white cooking something.
A man with a mustache and beard is holding a frying pan.
A man watches a pan catch fire.
A man in a white shirt is holding a pot.
An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand.
An older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell.
A man dressed in a colonial costume.
A man is ringing a bell.
A man in costume.
A young man sitting on a rock above a body of water .
A young red-haired man.
A person holding a fishing pole.
A man in a black shirt fishes.
The man fishing.
The brown dog has a hold of the other dogs cheek.
A brown dog bites a white and tan dog.
Two dogs are nuzzling each other.
Dogs bite at each other.
dogs playing.
A man in a hat and a man in glasses talk.
Two men are standing on the street.
Two men stop on the sidewalk to chat.
Two men stop to chat.
Two men discuss.
A Chinese man inside a restaurant.
A chinese man sitting down.
The restaurant worker.
An Asian man in white working.
A businessman.
The school bus is unloading children.
Small children are getting off a school bus.
Parked cars.
Kids getting off a yellow school bus.
The children.
Two blond-haired women wear matching clothing.
Two blond women in " I love beer " shirts walk.
Two blond women
Two women wear shirts.
Two woman wearing similar shirts.
A child appears to be in a canoe wearing a life jacket on the lake.
A young child wearing an orange life vest holding an oar paddling a blue kayak .
A girl is kayaking.
A young kayaker wearing an orange life-vest.
A young person is kayaking.
Several people walking at the park.
A girl in green with glittery fairy wings holds a woman's hand.
Men and women strolling in the park.
People walking on a trail.
A child walks.
three people standing near each other.
Three young adults.
Three people are talking.
Young people chat outside.
Three people.
A young boy.
Two children are sitting on a stool.
Woman and child outside the front door of their scenic home.
A teenage girl holds a little boy.
A girl is sitting with a boy.
Three people.
A black man and his two white friends are putting their heads close together.
Three friends at a cafe.
Three people wearing black.
A woman sitting with two men.
In rural outdoors , blond woman sits on roof of yellow BMW vehicle.
Two people drive a Jeep.
A girl wearing camouflage pants sits.
A four wheel drive vehicle is driving on a dirt track.
Girl on roof of jeep.
A light dog.
A dog climbing.
a great Dane.
A light brown dog is running.
A dog climbs.
Young boy smiles.
A green beetle is resting upon a freckled nose of a young boy.
A boy outside.
A boy poses with a large green insect.
A boy.
A bald man in gray is holding out a stick.
A bald man demonstarting.
Man holding a stick.
A medium sized dog is jumping to get a stick.
A man holds a stick above a dog.
Several Asian people walk around.
A crowded sidewalk.
Passerby walk about.
A crowd on a busy daytime street.
A busy square somewhere in asia.
A muzzled greyhound dog wearing yellow and black is running.
A race dog's feet dig in the mud.
Sand is kicked up.
Two dogs on a sandy track.
A greyhound.
Man with gray beard.
A man sits on a step.
Bald , older man sits in gray stone area.
A man wearing sandals sits on the sidewalk.
Man with duffel bag sitting.
A girl with a guitar sitting in front of a gate on the sidewalk.
A man and a woman.
A woman sitting with a guitar.
A man and a woman are chatting.
A man and a woman sitting next to a black fence talking.
A young man looks at a coffee marker.
A male teen in a white hat.
One young man is looking at coffee makers.
A teenage boy is looking at coffee makers.
A kid is looking at coffee machines.
The guy holding the red and white striped package.
a man drinking out of a yellow cup around people.
A crowd is gathered in a large outdoor public space.
A crowded commercial area.
A man is drinking out of a yellow cup.
A young boy in a white suit.
A young boy leans against a car.
A young dark-skinned fellow poses for a picture.
A boy leaning up against a car adorned with flowers.
A boy is leaning on a car.
A woman and children in an alleyway.
A woman in a floral dress talks to children.
A woman.
A mother.
A family.
A man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit .
A man in a tux and a man in a shirt and tie talk outside.
Two men are having a discussion.
Two well-dressed men chat.
A man on his wedding day.
A woman in a blue t-shirt.
A young woman with a black shirt and jeans.
A young woman sweeping with a straw broom.
A woman sweeps.
Individuals are building.
Woman wearing a gray hat.
A woman peeks out from behind a rock located on the shore of a large body of water.
A brunette female wearing a gray hat.
A woman.
Woman with a hat climbing a cliff.
A curly brown dog runs across the lawn.
A big black poodle running on the grass.
The black dog.
A brown dog.
A dog
a skateboarder is riding his board.
A man skateboards in a parking lot at night.
A skateboard is grinding on a curb.
A boy in shorts.
a skateboarder grinds.
A young African american boy with red pants.
A little boy dressed in red pants.
Little boy in red pants, no shirt.
A small child with a distended stomach stands alone.
child in the road.
The camera was tilted to the side to show this small room containing a number of different umbrellas.
Open , scatteredly placed umbrellas fill an exit to a room.
A woman stands in the doorway of a room.
A woman texts on her phone.
Umbrellas.
A group of guys are standing on a stage playing several different instruments.
Eight men play instruments on stage.
Musicians play guitar.
Eight men are standing on a stage.
A band on stage.
A worker is wearing a orange jumpsuit.
A man in an orange hard hat.
A man in an orange jumpsuit stands in front of a large reel of blue hose.
A man in an orange jumpsuit and matching hard hat is helping.
A construction worker getting his moves on.
A bald man holds a fish in front of a lake while two blond young children stand near him.
A man and two girls show off a fish.
Two young girls.
This man holds a fish.
A man and two young children are fishing.
A dog owner is running along side his pet.
A dog goes through an obstacle course.
Man in red shirt watches dog.
A man and a dog navigate an obstacle course.
a man runs with his dog.
A young male wearing a red bathing suit is doing a backflip off of a dock.
A boy wearing red and white swimming trunks diving backwards.
A man in a red swimsuit doing a back dive.
A man is doing a backflip into a pool.
Man doing a back flip into the ocean.
An woman wearing a light-blue shirt adjusts her hair.
A girl wearing a blue shirt fixing her hair.
An Asian woman fixing her hair.
An Asian woman pinning her hair back.
A Asian women does her hair.
A woman sits at a primary colored children's table.
An older woman and a young child playing with multicolored blocks.
A woman and three children are playing.
3 kids and one female are playing with blocks.
a woman and three children are in a room.
A dog jumping over colored gates.
A black and white dog.
A dog hurdles over a series of poles.
A small black dog jumping over gates.
A dog jumps.
A man with brown hair.
A brown-haired man in a green shirt plays a trumpet outdoors.
A man in a green shirt
A man in a green shirt is playing a trumpet.
A man is playing music.
A man wearing a green t-shirt sits with his legs on a ledge.
The man in the green t-shirt has his feet up.
Seated man with red hat is talking on the phone.
A man talks on the phone.
A man with his feet up using a telephone.
A group of colorful children in a room.
A group of children are sitting and standing in a building.
A group of children sit on a blue mat.
a group of children sitting on the floor.
Several children sitting on the floor.
A black boy in orange and white trucks.
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit.
The boy.
A black boy is sitting in the sand.
A boy plays in the sand.
Two dogs are fighting over a toy.
Three dogs.
A small dog watches two big dogs playing in a field.
Two dogs play together in a field.
Three dogs play together.
A group of people sit near a large red brick building.
A red building.
It looks like a school.
Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass.
People sitting in a circle.
The two dogs are chasing a ball.
One dog leaps to catch a softball.
Two small dogs pursuing a ball
Two dogs play catch with a ball.
two dogs jump for a ball.
A smiling child wearing a white t-shirt with stripes and skull and crossbones.
The young girl in a cartoon shirt.
A young child in a swing.
The blond-haired child played.
A blond child swinging.
An adult couple talks with a younger girl.
Three people.
One man and two women.
Three people are talking.
A man and two girls are talking.
An Asian man is cooking meat on a stick.
A balding man is cooking some meat on a stick.
An Asian man is cooking food.
A kitchen staff is preparing food.
A man preparing food on a grill.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee.
Dog playing with green flying disc
A brown dog.
A dog
A dog catching.
A band performing on stage.
a band performs.
A musical concert with a crowd cheering.
Fans cheer.
A band plays a concert.
A young boy.
A young boy is standing next to a sand sculpture.
A little boy is standing by a sand castle.
A young boy stands.
A child standing near a sand pyramid.
Three little children in a grassy yard.
Three toddlers.
Two little girls and one little boy are running on the grass.
Three young children are walking through a grassy yard.
Three little kids are playing.
White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel.
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.
A man creates a sculpture.
A man pounds on an artwork.
A man is swinging a tool.
A mountain biker.
Someone in a yellow jacket mountain biking.
A mountain biker rides up a hill .
A mountain biker with a backpack crests a ridge.
A man on a bicycle.
A dark-haired boy carrying a small hoe leaps across a narrow ditch.
A little girl is running wearing boots.
Young boy running.
A brunet child, wearing rain boots.
A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs.
Woman in orange jacket is sitting crossed legged on a bench.
A dark-haired woman wearing glasses.
A woman in an orange windbreaker waits.
A woman in an orange jacket.
People waiting.
The man is standing on the white wall.
A man on rollerblades grinds.
A boy skateboards on a cement wall.
A man doing a trick on skateboard.
Man skates.
A practicing martial artist is photographed.
A martial artist is practicing with a sword.
A man in black pants and a white shirt.
A man in a martial arts uniform.
A young man.
An older woman in a red blouse standing in front of her wares.
A lady selling food.
Woman selling bags of fruit.
Older woman selling food.
A woman vending street food.
Sports team on a field wearing yellow jerseys.
Soccer players are meandering.
Players in yellow jerseys are on the field.
Two diverse teams.
Two soccer teams are on the field.
A child wearing a blue shirt.
A child jumping off bleachers.
A child in a blue shirt jumping off a bench.
A child wearing a jersey jumps
A girl jumps.
A person in a yellow top and green shorts stands.
A soccer player in a yellow jersey.
A female soccer player in a yellow uniform.
A goalie in a yellow field is protecting the goal.
A goalie looks down-field.
A group of young people take shots.
A group of people at a restaurant.
Young people in sombreros enjoy drinks.
A group of people taking shots.
People wearing sombreros.
The boy in the yellow shirt rides a skateboard.
A teenage boy grinds across a bar.
A boy performs a trick.
A young man skateboards off a pink railing.
a skateboarder grinds a red rail.
A little boy jumps off of a bunk bed.
a young boy jumping from a bunk bed.
A small boy jumps from a bunk bed onto a single bed.
A little boy jumps.
A child leaping toward a red bed.
Two odd statue like costumes are being worn in a street.
Two towers made of flashy fabric.
Two people wearing odd alien-like costumes are standing in a road.
2 people in blue and purple costumes are looking at each other.
Two people dressed as aliens encounter each other.
Man running wearing a blue shirt with a number taped to it.
A young man who is running.
Man in a blue shirt and red shorts.
A man just made it over the finish line.
Runner 3618.
A woman makes a peace sign and smiles.
Middle-aged Asian woman.
An Asian woman in a white shirt working with machinery.
Asian woman standing near machinery.
An Asian factory worker poses.
A man jogging with his two thumbs up in the air.
A male runner with a number pinned to his shorts.
A man that appears to be running in a marathon.
A man giving two thumbs up.
A man gives a thumbs up sign.
The man on the yellow basketball team.
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping.
A group of basketball players wearing yellow and green.
Basketball players shoot.
Four men
A football player wearing an orange uniform smiling .
A man in an orange jersey plays football.
a football player wearing an orange jersey.
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football.
A University of Miami player.
two skateboarders wearing their helmets riding down a street.
Two downhill skateboarders round a curve.
Two skateboarders wearing helmets are going around a turn.
A man in a white helmet skateboards.
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill.
A football game is going on.
A team on the sidelines of a football field.
Fans of a football team.
A football coach and his team.
Everyone is getting ready.
A little girl with a brown shirt is playing outside with her pink scooter.
A small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass.
A girl is in a field surrounded by trees.
A little girl is pushing her scooter through a grassy field.
A little girl.
Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing.
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine.
A small child jumping rope.
A crowd of children in white shirts, black shorts and white hats jumping rope.
Several children are engaging in exercise.
Two people are looking at a child.
A child plays in a box on the side of the street.
A girl in a cardboard box on a sidewalk.
Pedestrians walking down the street look at a child.
Small child.
a black dog with a blue tag.
The brown dog
A brown dog runs down the sandy beach.
Black dog running.
A brown dog runs.
Two men in the US Army are in uniform and talking with another woman.
A soldier talks with a colleague.
A woman with long hair.
Two army soldiers and a woman talking.
Two men in army uniforms stand next to a woman.
The Dali Lama during a reception.
A few oriental people with their clothing attire on.
Several people are dressed in Indian clothes.
Men in gold and red oriental robes.
Tibetan monks crowd a temple.
A man walks over a small sign.
A man is jumping over a low wall.
The biker carries his bike.
Man carries bike.
A biker jumps an obstacle.
A man in a red hat and a woman in black sitting in plastic chairs.
A couple sitting in white lawn chairs.
Two people smile while sitting on chairs.
Couple sitting in the chairs.
A woman is hugging a man 's arm.
A boy and girl ride.
A group of adults and children.
A bunch of kids.
Children on a train.
Young kids are on a small train ride.
A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave.
A surfer tries to stay moving.
A surfer in a blue swimsuit is riding the waves.
A man in a blue bodysuit.
A man in blue surfs.
A little boy in the air above another boy on the ground.
A boy makes a jumping dive.
Two children are playing
The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother.
a boy jumps.
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player.
Two young men are competing to get the ball on a soccer field.
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball.
Two soccer players battle for the ball.
Two soccer players are going after the ball.
An older man in a cane is walking through an outdoor market.
A man holding a black and white umbrella is walking uphill.
People are walking on a paved slope.
An old man.
a street full of citizens
The little boy jumps through the beaded curtain.
A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain.
A young boy wearing white pants.
A boy jumps.
A child.
A child in a orange shirt is pouring Legos out of a plastic bag.
A child is spilling a set of Legos out of a bag.
A young boy is dumping a bag of Lego 's onto a glass table.
A boy in an orange shirt is pouring Legos.
Young boy playing with Legos.
A woman.
Woman wearing brown sandals and blue jeans.
A small group of people
Two women and a man.
A family is standing.
Two men and a woman.
Three people pose with their political signs.
Three democrat supporters hold signs.
Three people smiling and holding political signs.
Three people with political signs.
An officer stands next to a car.
A cop stands in front of a car.
A police officer.
A policeman stands in front of an SUV.
A man walks in the city.
A couple of men in hats.
Two men wearing hats stand together.
Two men in hats pose together.
Two guys.
Two men wearing hats.
A boy in a stripy shirt.
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair.
A boy leaping in the air towards a soccer ball.
A child falling back.
A boy in midair.
Person in red-checked jacket.
A young boy or girl wearing a red jacket with fur and a blue hat.
A child taking a picture.
A young boy with a blue beanie.
A child is wearing a blue knitted hat.
A red-haired man with dreadlocks is sitting.
A man with short dreads.
A redheaded man with a beard.
A man sits.
A man is sitting playing guitar.
A man in sunglasses is eating.
A man in sunglasses is eating something.
A man eating a sandwich
A man.
Man eats.
A little boy with a black jacket and black jeans on is holding up a blue brochure.
An African American child holding something up.
A small black child is holding up a poster.
A boy is holding up a paper.
A room full of people
A woman in a white shirt and hat.
Someone in a white shirt yelling through a mega phone.
Many people stand in a line.
A woman directs a crowd of people.
Africans at an event.
A group of costumed adults look on as a man dressed as a sea captain speaks into a microphone.
Costumed onlookers watch as a uniformed policeman makes a speech.
A man in uniform talks.
Several people with different costumes are gathered together.
A man gives a speech.
A large group of young people.
A group of young people.
A bunch of people are in a club dancing.
A crowd is present at a bar.
young adults
Two girls are walking by a car wash.
Two young girls walk together down a street.
A girl in white and a girl in green walk past a blue car wash station.
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot.
Two girls walk down across a parking lot.
A man in a t-shirt is standing with his hands on some type of instrument.
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room.
A DJ in a club.
A man is using electronic equipment.
A man uses stereo equipment.
A lone surfer surfing a large wave in the ocean.
A person surfing through a crashing wave in the ocean.
A person is surfing.
Water splashing up.
A surfer riding under a wave.
A male soldier in green military fatigues.
A uniformed soldier is kneeling on the ground.
An army man kneeling down next to metal structure.
An army officer is inspecting.
A man serving and protecting.
The groom has just kiss the bride.
A couple of newlyweds kissing.
A man and woman wearing wedding clothes.
A bride and groom.
A couple shares a kiss.
A young man with a red handkerchief over his face is the main focus.
A person in a white t-shirt and red bandanna covering most of the person's face.
Riot police.
A man with a red bandanna over his face looks on.
Masked protester surrounded by the police.
A black and white dog.
A black and white dog.
A black and white dog.
A black and white dog is jumping fences.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
A woman in white in front of a window.
A lady sitting on the couch in front of a large set of windows reading.
A woman sitting on her couch.
A woman wearing a sweater is reading a book.
Woman reading letters.
A group of young adults are leaning against a metal fence.
Several teenagers are looking over a railing.
Kids watch from behind a concert barrier.
A male and female.
People leaning on a railing.
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation.
A man wearing a white shirt attempts to climb a rock.
a man is climbing a cliff.
The man in the white t-shirt is starting to climb a rock.
A man grips a rock.
A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands.
His gray clothes blended in with the stainless steel appliances .
A teenage boy is stretching in the kitchen.
Man posing in a kitchen.
A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen.
Two guys are playing the drums.
People are holding various types of drumsticks above drums.
Two men, wearing black shirts, are playing the drums in a very urban area.
Two young men in black tank tops.
Two men wearing black wife beater's.
Three people are in a field picking something.
Three farmers harvest rice.
Three workers bent over.
Asian workers.
Three people are harvesting crops.
A woman holding a red cup with a straw in it sits in front of a man and a woman
A woman holds a drink.
A man and a woman read a book.
Two women and a man are looking at a book.
Three people.
The bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere.
Three people in jeans and shirts standing outside.
Three children 's legs are shown.
Three people standing near a door.
Three kids play.
A man with a smile on his face put the chicken on the basin.
A man holding a chicken.
a restaurant cook getting ready to prepare a chicken.
A cook is posing for a camera.
The chef is trying to debone.
A group of people.
Many people in a street protesting.
A march
Protesters with "NO NEW COAL" signs.
People are protesting.
A bike rider.
The man is performing a trick.
The teen jumps the hill.
A bmx rider.
A male airborne.
A little girl barefoot runs along the sandy shoreline.
A little girl.
A little dark-haired girl runs.
A young child.
A young girl running.
A white duck is spreading its wings.
A white duck spreads its wings.
white bird sitting in water
A white duck expanding its wings.
White duck flapping its wings.
A man dressed in black shorts is talking to a man wearing a striped shirt.
Two males seem to be conversing while standing in front of a truck's back.
A semi trailer is inside a building, and people are gathered behind its open rear door.
A group of people are standing.
People stand in a warehouse.
Asian looking lady holding a baby.
A young Asian mother is attempting.
A woman with a tissue.
A woman in a pink skirt.
Mother tending to her child.
An ice hockey goalkeeper wearing yellow is defending the goal.
A hockey player in a yellow jersey.
A goalie stands in front of the goal.
The goaltender is crouching.
A hockey player guards the goal.
An African-American male wearing black shoes carrying a black bag walks along a yellow wall.
An African American man is posing.
A man carrying a bag gesticulates at the photographer.
A man is walking past a large sign that says E.S.E. Electronics.
A man carrying a bag walks.
Three boys wearing green shirts and tan pants pose.
Three boys in green shirts and khaki pants.
Three boys all wearing green shirts are climbing on a slide.
Three children.
Three boys climb on a slide.
Circus performer gesturing upward.
An entertainer stand on one leg.
A man dressed in a costume in front of several goats.
A man is dancing.
A dog tamer.
The white dog is running.
A wet dog is splashing.
The wet brown dog is running in the water.
A brown dog running through the water.
Wet blond dog running through water.
Several people in yellow and black uniforms are lined up.
Marching band march on the field.
People marching on the grass in yellow shirts.
Oregon percussionists are marching.
many people carry their drums.
The girl in the light pink shirt.
A group of children play together in a fenced yard.
A group of children playing.
The children.
Some kids play in a field.
Five woman gathered to play instruments in someone's living room.
A group of young and old practice together.
Five musicians.
A group of women are playing musical instruments.
Five people
A little girl in a purple plaid dress lays on the floor.
A little girl in a purple plaid dress.
A young girl in a purple dress.
A girl in a purple dress.
A girl in a purple dress crying.
A gray headed guy standing in his bathroom.
A man shave off his beard.
A unclothed man with gray hair.
A man with graying hair shaves.
A man shaving his gray beard.
Two large black dogs and one large white dog are standing in some snow.
Two black dogs and a white dog in the snow.
three black dogs and a white dog are standing in the snow.
A group of dogs stand.
Four dogs stand.
A basketball player leaps with the ball.
A pro basketball player in a white Miami uniform.
Basketball players try to block a ball.
Man in a Miami basketball uniform jumping.
The basketball player is number 21 from Miami.
The lone man in red sits.
A woman is sitting outside her house with a blue door.
An old black man sitting.
A person is sitting on a chair.
A man in a pink shirt sitting.
Children playing with balloons
Four kids sit on the back of a guy in a banana suit.
A man in a banana custom is carrying four children.
Children sit.
Kids are sitting on a man.
A gray and white dog jumping over standing water.
A dog is jumping over a stream of water on a sandy beach.
A dog jumping over a puddle.
A dog jumping over a stream.
A small dog.
On a rainy day , near a river , many people are standing with umbrellas and raincoats.
People are walking in the rain with umbrellas and raincoats.
A large group of people standing near a big fountain.
A crowd gathered around a park water fountain.
People gathering near a fountain.
Several older men convene on a street corner.
Six men outside are passing each other by.
Several men standing near a black concrete wall.
A group of men standing on the street.
Old men stand.
A black , white and brown dog waking in the snow with a red toy in its mouth.
A black , brown and white dog with his tongue out.
The dog walking through the snow.
A young Lassie looking dog is in the snow.
A dog is walking along a snowy surface.
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball.
The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball.
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching.
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball.
A group of soccer players are playing soccer.
A woman is at the beginning stage of knitting something amazing.
A red-haired woman wearing black holds purple sticks.
A woman in a black shirt is sitting at a table
A woman in a black shirt.
One large Caucasian woman is knitting at a table.
The slightest little oriental girls float across the stage.
Four females of Asian descent are wearing golden dresses.
Ballet dancers on toe wear golden long dresses.
Four asian women dressed in yellow dresses perform.
Four women in yellow dresses.
A man dressed mainly in black is holding a huge triangular guitar-like instrument.
A man in a black windbreaker strumming on a large stringed instrument.
Man wearing black.
Man plays a string instrument.
A person is playing an unique instrument.
A girl wearing black athletic clothing runs across some grass.
A woman wearing a black athletic uniform has the number 1102 on her.
A female soccer player dressed in black.
Women.
A girl in black runs a race.
Person in a racing ski outfit and a helmet is skiing.
A person playing sports in the snow.
A kid crosscountry skis wearing the number "93".
A snow skier is going down a slalom course.
The skier is on the snow.
A little girl in a pink shirt.
An older gentleman and a young girl begin to work on a puzzle.
Two people are constructing a child's puzzle game.
An older man plays.
A man and child.
One young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down.
A white photographer films a seated black child.
A man is taking a video of another man.
A film crew films a young African boy in a yellow shirt.
A film crew is filming a student.
A person on a bicycle.
A streetlight lit bridge.
The person is bicycling on the street.
A person walks in the dark near streetlights.
A girl is riding her bike.
A man wearing a white cowboy hat.
A man in a rodeo is riding a bull.
A man rides a kicking bull.
Cowboy riding a black bull.
A man is riding a bull.
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air .
A boy jumping.
A child jumping.
Where is the rest of his racket?
The boy
Two children climb an indoor rock walk.
Two children are climbing a rock wall .
Two children climb a rock wall.
Two young children scaling a wall.
Kids.
Several men are walking through the center of a college campus.
People walking about a university campus.
People are walking across a school campus.
The quad at the student services fair.
A student walking.
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad.
A girl in martial arts class is kicking a dummy.
Little girl kicks at karate class.
A young girl in martial arts class kicks a bag.
Kid practicing karate move
One man in the hole of a tire in water.
Two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water.
Two men climb onto tires.
Two men are playing with tires.
Two boys hanging off a tire dock.
people are dancing on a platform.
Two men are performing on a sidewalk.
Two men dancing on a checkerboard.
Many people are watching street performers.
Two men breakdancing.
A professionally dressed woman standing at a podium.
A woman in a tan suit and red shirt speaks into microphones.
A woman with long curly hair.
The woman in the tan suit is speaking.
A lovely woman.
A drunken woman in a blue dress, black tights, and black leather pumps, laying on a couch.
A drunken woman laughs.
A laughing woman is sitting on a patterned couch.
A woman is laying down on a sofa.
A lady is laying on a brown plaid couch.
A woman in a pick shirt is holding a shovel near a woman in brown.
A woman sitting.
A dirt floor gets swept by one white and one black woman.
a girl smiles.
lady helping clean a floor
Doe jumps over wood and wire fence.
A deer
A deer.
A dear jumps the fence.
A deer jumps.
three dogs playing together.
Two black and one white dog interacting.
Three dogs play out in the field.
Three dogs wrestle in the grass.
Three dogs playing.
A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl.
Two small children walk down a sandy beach.
Two kids run.
Two young children are on sand.
two smiling kids
A little boy in a blue coat is playing next to some ducks in a park.
A smiling young boy.
A little boy chases ducks.
A small boy.
A child is enjoying the ducks.
Four dog owners stand with their three prize winning dogs.
These four people are standing outdoors.
A group of people stands by their dogs.
Four people stand with their dogs.
Four people holding three dogs.
A bunch of tourists standing around.
While visiting the Mayan ruins, a guide points.
A tour group is standing on the grass.
A group of men and women are standing outside.
Group of people standing.
An Asian girl makes a surprised face.
A woman in a white shirt.
An asian girl looking surprised.
girl wearing radio t-shirt
a lady looks surprised.
Women of African origin are colecting water.
Africans wearing colorful clothing gather.
People filling a large black container with water.
A tribal group.
Africans gather water.
A man is standing.
Young man with cap stands before building.
Young man in warm coat.
The man is in front of a building.
A man standing on a city street.
Four birds are chasing another bird.
A seagull flies under another with food.
A flock of birds fly away.
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread.
Several birds flying.
Two men , wearing gray outfits , are riding on a trailer that is being pulled by two horses.
Two men are riding on a wooden vehicle pulled by two donkeys.
Two men ride through farm land as they guide their mule powered trailer.
Two men ride on a rural road in a flatbed vehicle pulled by two horses.
Two men are riding.
One person stands and another sits on the summit of a mountain.
Mountain peaks.
Two people stand at the peak of a mountain.
Two people at the top of a mountain.
A man stands on a mountaintop.
A girl making a snow angel.
An Asian girl in glasses is laying in a pit of snow.
Young girl enjoying herself.
A lady.
An Asian woman is making a snow angel.
Three guys smiling for camera.
Three men making happy gestures.
3 guys ham it up.
Three men.
Three men smiling.
A man , wearing black jeans and a gray shirt , stands in the front of a classroom.
A man is writing.
A boy with a pencil behind his ear writes on a chalkboard.
A person is writing on a chalkboard.
A man is describing stuff using chalk on a chalkboard.
A man in a black shirt next to a laptop is looking off to the side.
A man in a black shirt sits beneath a powerpoint presentation.
A man in a black shirt sitting at a table with an open Apple laptop in front of him.
A man either giving or viewing a powerpoint presentation.
A businessman giving a presentation.
A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill.
Four people relaxing on a grassy hill.
A man and three women with backpacks sitting on a mountain.
A group of people rest on a cliff.
Four people are sitting at the top of a hill.
A boy is airborne on his skateboard.
A boy with a skateboard is jumping in the air.
A skateboarder does a kickflip.
A man doing a skateboard trick.
A skateboarder doing a jump.
The tennis player in the orange shirt.
The tennis player holds his racket.
A man in a orange shirt and white shorts.
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
A man playing tennis.
A brown and white dog barking.
The dog with the red collar.
Two dogs on a white carpet.
A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog.
Two dogs.
A young boy is quite excited.
A little boy is running excitedly.
A little boy in a striped shirt and jeans is running.
What is this ecstatic child running towards
The boy is outside enjoying a summer day.
A worker in an orange work suit is kneeling down.
A man in heavy clothing with a cart of tools.
A guy bending over.
A man in orange.
A man working on a machine.
Seven men wearing cowboy hats are near the fence of a rodeo field.
A cowboy lassos an animal.
Men in cowboy hats stand around.
A cowboy with a white hat.
A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.
Two dogs walk in the snow.
Two dogs are in the snow.
Two dogs in the snow.
Two dogs are playing.
Two dogs.
Lady with short brown hair.
The woman in the striped shirt is sipping a beverage.
A woman in a red and white striped turtleneck.
A restaurant worker takes a sip of coffee.
An employee takes a break from working to have a drink.
A white dog carries a yellow toy.
A dog running in a park.
A beige dog runs.
A dog chases another dog.
The dog.
A man is guiding the hockey puck across the ice.
Two hockey players wearing yellow and black uniforms.
Two people in hockey uniforms.
hockey player in white uniform
Two ice hockey players.
A man with a white shirt with his mouth open wide.
Man in a white shirt playing with a circuit board.
A man in a white shirt has his mouth open.
A man wearing a white t-shirt.
A man controls a large equipment board.
A brown dog is looking at a black horse.
A black horse stands in the grass at a fence.
a black horse sticking its head through a fence.
A brown dog is looking at the black horse.
A horse and dog.
An apparently homeless black man with mismatched shoes.
A crackhead is pretending to keep his hands warm.
An homeless man is rubbing his hands together.
A man with mismatched shoes.
He is smoking.
A smiling woman in a brown shirt.
Man with brown hair and a woman with blond-hair smile.
A woman in brown and a man in gray.
A couple.
Two guys and a girl.
A child leans over a display made up of blue and yellow plastic.
A young girl plays at a large sand box.
A water play table.
A maze of blue and yellow walls.
A young girl plays as a woman talks.
A black and white dog is playing with an orange ball.
The little black and white dog is in the snow.
A black-and-white dog.
A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow.
A dog.
A young girl standing next to a yellow cat.
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat.
Little girl in kitchen, kissing a cat.
A small child kissing a cat.
The little girl is kissing the brown cat.
The boy is wearing a blue shirt.
A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing.
The boy and girl.
The two kids are playing.
Children playing.
A man holding a tennis racket.
a tennis player in a green striped shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth.
A tennis player holds one hand to his mouth.
A man in a blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans.
A male tennis player.
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river.
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water.
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water.
A boy takes a flying leap into the water.
A boy in a red suit plays.
A child wearing a red coat.
The boy in the red hat is carrying a huge lump of snow.
A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow.
A boy.
A child outside.
Turbaned man and two police officers stand in front of a white canopy.
A man in a turban.
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent.
Two police officers observe.
Men with hats on stand outside of a tent.
Two men are trying to build a fire in the woods.
Two people standing next to a tree on the ground.
Two men are wearing their jackets.
Two men.
Two men chilling by a campsite.
Two older men are having a discussion outdoors.
Two men sit casually in folding chairs.
Two man sit and chat.
Two men sit talking near a stone building.
Two old men.
A girl wearing glasses hold a girl the same age.
A brunette child with glasses holding a blond child.
A young girl has lifted her friend.
Two young girls.
A smiling woman.
A dog is trying to catch a ball.
A dog plays catch with a white ball.
A black dog looks up at a white ball.
A black and white dog catching a baseball.
A black and white dog is playing.
A couple embrace and kiss on the sidewalk.
Two people are kissing on a sidewalk in front of a limo.
A couple kissing.
Man and woman kissing on sidewalk.
A high class woman.
A female volleyball player.
A skinny woman spikes a volleyball.
A woman playing volleyball.
A woman is playing volleyball.
A woman plays volleyball.
Two dogs are playing together.
Two Boston terriers are biting at each other.
Two small dogs.
Two large dogs are fighting in a dirt field.
Two boxers playfully snap at each other.
The brown dog is jumping.
A brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A brown dog.
A brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
A man wearing a striped shirt
A man in a blue and white striped shirt is smoking a cigarette.
A man wearing a white and blue striped shirt.
A dark-haired main.
A man smoking a cigarette.
A very young child is sitting behind an even younger child.
A little girl holds a toddler.
A young blond girl holds a smaller blond boy.
A girl in pink.
A little girl is holding.
Man falling off of a bucking bull.
A man trying to ride a very mad bull.
A cowboy is bucked off a steer.
People at a rodeo are watching a cowboy getting thrown from the bull.
A man is about to fall onto the ground.
A group of kids with an adult in the background coaching them.
Several young boys are pulling a rope.
Little kids are playing a game of tug-of-war.
Children fight to win.
Children are playing tug-of-war.
A person in a green shirt.
A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend.
A person riding a bike.
A man in a green shirt rides a bike.
A bicyclist.
An Indian boy looks at a black cow.
Two women in colorful clothes sit.
two East Asian women sitting outdoors.
Two women in India.
Two people and a leashed cow.
A man is helping a little boy.
The young boy learns how to ride a bike.
The man helps the boy.
A man helping a boy ride a bike.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
A small boy in a red shirt and black shorts pushing a broom outside a house on the driveway.
A little boy in a red shirt is sweeping the floor.
A kid is holding a broom and sweeping his property.
Boy in red shirt and black shorts
A child is sweeping outside of a building.
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man.
An african family.
A black mother and five children.
Family standing in a small village.
A family in the desert.
A man in a black hooded jacket stands next to a tree.
This man plays music .
A Japanese man plays a flute from sheet music.
A flutist performs near a tree outside.
A man playing an instrument.
A shot haired woman in a white shirt giving a long-haired woman a manicure.
Two women are holding hands over a table.
Two women sitting at a table.
Two women are smiling.
Two women are sitting at a table.
A brown dog with white paws.
A brown dog is running through the grass.
A panting brown dog.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
A brown dog is running on grass.
The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged.
A baseball player in a black shirt.
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another.
Two girls participate in a softball game.
Two girls playing in a game of softball.
A young woman with dark hair and a slight smile receives a check on behalf of Kids' Food Basket.
A woman holding an over sized check for $37,000 for the Kids Food Basket.
A white woman holding a donation check.
A woman tears up over a huge donation.
A woman is holding a large check.
The two dogs are running through tall grass.
One white dog is running with a tennis ball in his mouth.
Two dogs walking through grass.
Two dogs.
two dogs playing.
A man and a woman holding two young boys are sitting on a park bench.
A man , woman , and two young boys are sitting on a bench.
There is a man , woman and two boys sitting on a bench.
Two adults and two children pose on a park bench.
Two adults and two children sit on a park bench.
The woman is blowing the pods off a flower.
A woman in a grassy field.
A woman is blowing the seeds from a dandelion
A woman blowing on a milkweed.
A woman blowing on a dandelion.
A small group of people buy potatoes.
Three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them.
Five people gather around a pile of potatoes.
Mexican villagers are buying potatoes.
A man sells potatoes.
A group of people sit in a circle outside around a man.
A group of people gather.
People gathered on a sidewalk
Seven people are outside listening.
A guy playing an accordion with people listening.
A man has his face in his hand.
Man in white shirts.
Man holds his face in his palm.
A man listening to music.
A man sits on a bench.
An old man on a subway.
No matter when I read this.
Older man riding public transportation.
An old man with a red scarf reads a newspaper.
A grumpy old man reads a newspaper.
A man with a blue shirt and gray apron cuts fish.
A man in a blue shirt.
An older man in glasses is preparing meat.
A man wearing apron is slicing.
A butcher is cutting meat.
A man wearing red and black is balancing himself on the back wheels of a bicycle.
A man performing a trick on a bicycle by standing on the pedals.
A man.
Man in a red shirt.
A man in a red outfit.
A man in a white dress shirt and khaki pants is using an object to construct a sand sculpture.
A man with a mustache carefully sculpts a sand castle.
An older man wearing a hat.
A man is at the beach.
Man building a sand castle.
Men and women sitting and walking around picnic tables.
A group of people.
People in a park eating at a picnic table.
People enjoying cookout food.
Several people.
Two women are climbing their way up an electrical pole.
A woman in a purple shirt and a woman wearing a hard hat.
Two women ascend a telephone pole.
Two women attempt to climb a utility pole.
Two women strapped to a tree.
A cowboy is viciously thrown.
A blond cowboy.
A cowboy in a rodeo.
A horse rider struggles to stay on their mount.
A horse bucks it 's rider.
A light brown dog jumps.
A show dog jumps through a flaming obstacle.
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle.
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop.
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop.
A woman wearing a pink shirt and a name tag which reads "Amanda" applies lipstick.
An overweight woman with long black hair in a pink shirt with a name tag is applying lipstick.
A plump woman with a pink shirt is applying red lipstick to her lips.
A woman named Amanda is applying lipstick.
Large woman in pink shirt.
A man working on a little girl 's purple tricycle.
A man assembles a bicycle.
A man fixing a little girl 's bicycle.
A guy fixing a bike.
Dad is adjusting daughter 's bike.
Two women in fluffy skirts dance.
Two women dancing on a walkway.
Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing.
Two women are dancing.
The girls dance.
A German Shepherd is running.
The yellow dog is carrying a stick.
A dog in water.
A large yellow dog.
A tan dog.
The woman 's face falls into silhouette.
The woman stands outdoors.
A girl in a sweater.
The sun.
A person
During a concert , a man is standing on a stage.
A musical concert.
A band is playing.
An audience cheers.
A rock concert.
Three women in bright colors and headdresses are holding.
Three women in costume.
Girls in bright costumes holding little signs.
Three women in elaborate costumes.
Three women in colorful costumes holding signs.
A brown dog with a brown collar.
A brown dog with a brown collar.
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
A dog is digging a hole.
A brown dog.
Young boy in a white striped shirt and headband holding a tennis racket.
There is a little boy.
Little boy playing tennis.
A little boy in a striped polo shirt plays tennis.
A young boy is holding a tennis racket.
A black and tan dog is running with a white and gray dog.
Two dogs
Two dogs run down a dirt path.
Two dogs run on a dirt area.
The two dogs are running.
A little girl jumping into the stream of water.
A girl is playing in the fountain.
A little girl is getting splashed by water.
A child is playing.
A child splashes in water.
Three young sumo wrestler students stand at attention at an award ceremony.
Young sumo wrestlers stand before a man.
A man is presenting a certificate to three young sumo wrestlers.
Three young sumo wrestlers standing.
A sumo wrestler accepting an award.
A hiker is squatting on the ground looking at a tree stump.
Two male hikers inspect a log.
Some nature hikers stop to examine a log.
Two men.
Two gentlemen outside beside a log.
A group of young men in sports uniforms are in play on a grassy field.
Three men wearing the same black and yellow uniform.
Three rugby players in black strips are pulling the player in red.
Three players bring a team opponent to the ground.
Three men tackle someone.
A woman in a blue shirt.
Two boys cross.
Two boys crossing a street.
2 males walking about.
Two boys playing ball
A man in midair.
A black man leans over.
one man flips over another man.
A man holds up another with his back.
Two people play outdoors.
White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage.
A white dog is on a rocky surface.
White dog standing on rock.
A white dog is walking on top of a mountain.
A white dog is walking.
A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes.
a boy in a blue t-shirt is airborne on a skateboard.
A young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding.
A boy riding a skateboard .
A skateboarder riding.
A long-haired , male musician is playing.
A man is playing an instrument.
A man is playing the piano.
A man on stage next to a microphone.
A man performs on the keyboard.
The winners 1st , 2nd , and 3rd of a event posing for a picture.
The men who won first , second , and third place of a bicycle race.
3 Olympic winners posing for a photo.
Three athletes holding bouquets stand on the victory podium.
Three men.
Two bald ladies in red dresses laugh.
Two bald ladies.
Two formally dressed , bald older women.
Two bald drag queens.
Two bald people.
A boy toddler play outside.
A boy in a blue shirt
A young boy is hanging onto a clothing rack.
A toddler is looking at clothes.
A boy.
A young girl in a baby pink outfit poses for the camera while holding onto a jungle gym in a playground.
Little girl dressed in pink.
A little girl wearing pink is holding on to a bar.
A young girl.
A young girl.
A motorcyclist dressed in green is jumping over a row of green motorcycles.
a motorcyclist wearing a green shirt on a green bike.
A green motorcycle is being jumped over.
A man riding a green motorcycle jumping.
A man in green jumps serveral motorbikes.
A woman is playing with two children.
a woman playing with two young boys.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
Woman on four way seesaw with 2 kids.
A woman and three children.
Four people.
Some people are kicking a white ball.
Four people are playing soccer.
A group of people playing.
Some boys playing soccer.
Two teenage girls hugging.
A blond girl in white has her arms around a girl in a helmet.
The girl is hugging another girl.
A girl cyclist being hugged.
Two girls hugging.
Two large dogs are running through snowy terrain.
two dogs jump in a snowy field.
Two dogs running and jumping.
Two dogs leap through snowy grass.
Two medium sized dogs run across the snow.
A woman holds her little white dog.
A woman is standing in a green field holding a white dog.
A lady holding one dog.
A woman holds a dog.
A woman holding a white dog.
Standing outside in front of a red van , a man in a hat picks up a framed painting.
A man in a straw hat and white shirt.
A table full of pictures.
A street vendor is displaying artwork.
A man in straw hat is looking at pictures.
Two people sit at a table outside against a wall.
A man and a woman sitting on a small metal table.
A man and a woman are sitting at a small metal table.
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
Two older people drinking coffee.
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk.
The guy in the black and yellow vest.
Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling.
Two guys with nipple piercings.
Two guys in leather.
A small child.
A baby is laughing.
A child is laying on a beige rug.
A baby laughing.
A child
A woman in a black shirt is holding the hand of a gentleman in a suit.
A smiling woman wearing a black sweater leans on a man.
A couple is sitting down smiling.
A man and woman are locked arms sitting down.
A couple smiling.
Two woman are mud wrestling.
Two women mud-wrestle
Two girls playing in mud.
Two people mud wrestling.
Two women in a mudfight.
Man walking away from building with large tunnel-like entrance holding a drink.
A young man holding a cup.
Man in shorts.
A man in a white shirt walking in front of a building.
A guy in a white shirt is walking .
Two people are silhouetted against a lake.
A boy and a girl.
Two people silhouetted against a lake.
Two figures by a pond.
Two children are walking by a pond.
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple.
A girl stands up with a glass of beer.
The bride and groom are getting served a drink.
A newlywed couple speak with guests.
Several people sit at a table.
One skater is wearing a blue shirt and the other skater is wearing a red shirt.
Two girls are racing one another on rollerskates.
Two woman race each other on rollerblades.
Two women speed skating on a basketball court.
Two women rollerskating.
The couple have children.
Two adults and two children sitting on rocks.
Two adults and two children pose.
A family sitting on rocks.
The four people sit.
A group of mountain bikers race each other down a dirt hill.
Four motorcycles are racing.
Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track.
A group of people do tricks.
Dirt bikers.
A mountain biker travels along a dirt trail.
Bicyclist in racing gear rides through forest area.
A mountain biker rides through a shady trail.
a man riding a bike.
A person biking.
A man in a green t-shirts holds his sneakers while walking alone down a beach.
A man in a green t-shirt walks down a beach.
A man in a green shirt.
A man in green walking down the beach.
Man in a green shirt holding his shoes.
A drag race car being worked on by 3 people.
Three men are examining a red and white race car.
Three men standing around a car on a racetrack.
Several men standing around.
Pit crew working on a race car.
Two men wearing earmuffs inspect a racing car's engine.
Two men work under the hood of a white race car.
Two mechanics are fixing a racing white car
two mechanics working on a drag racing car.
Two men under a drag car.
Three girls wearing goggles are jumping.
Children jumping in a pool.
A woman and three children are jumping into a swimming pool.
Children jump into a pool.
Three girls jump
A man on inline skates does a trick.
The man does a trick on his skateboard.
A man on the edge of a wall.
A man with Rollerblades grinding a curb.
A man jumping onto a platform.
A woman in a striped shirt.
A girl with a striped shirt.
A woman on a bicycle stops for a moment.
A woman in a striped-tunic on a bicycle.
A woman in a striped outfit.
A woman is propping her leg up.
A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots.
A girl dressed in black poses.
A woman in black clothes.
A woman dressed in black.
A man in a sleeveless brown shirt and khaki shorts sews on a piece of cloth.
Man in shorts standing.
A man is working on his wooden boat.
A man in brown building a raft.
A man making a canvas shade.
Four different men sitting outside on cement steps.
Four men are sitting on the stoop.
Four black men.
Some men sitting on the steps of a church.
Four men sit on a church's steps.
A bulldozer works.
A yellow construction vehicle is posed near two buildings.
A damaged building has an excavator.
A crane operates amidst piles of rubble.
A building.
A woman on the uneven bars doing a gymnastics exercise.
A gymnast wearing red and white is mid-twirl.
A female gymnast holds herself vertically above uneven bars.
Gymnast doing handstand.
A gymnast is working the bar.
Elderly woman with green sweater.
An older lady in a green sweater picks out vegetables.
An old woman is selling produce.
An old woman is choosing fresh herbs.
an old woman selling fresh spices.
Two middle-aged Asian men with mustaches.
Two men craft items.
Two men working.
Two men are working in a shop.
Two men are busy.
An older woman looks at the camera.
A woman in a child 's classroom is helping a child build a sculpture.
A middle-aged woman wearing a white shirt.
A teacher.
A woman is helping a child build using toys.
A little girl is sleeping.
A blond child sleeps.
A young child sleeping in her bed.
A young female child asleep.
A little girl is sleeping.
A woman with a blue shirt.
Two women are eating seated on the grass.
A woman is getting ready to eat.
A woman eating.
A woman in a blue shirt.
A person dressed in brown and gray.
A man walks down a cobblestone street.
A man walks down an alley.
A man is walking.
A man in black walks.
A woman pounding something with a rock.
Women grinding grain on stone.
A woman wearing a black hat grinds flour .
Native woman being constructive with her hands.
A woman wearing a hat.
An African woman in long , flowing garb , with a baby on her back , is working in a dry field .
A solitary woman uses a large primitive mortar and pestle to crush plant material.
A black woman with a child on her back is standing in a field
One African American woman working in a field.
A black woman works.
Young male in a white karate outfit performs karate moves in front of the judges of the competition.
A martial artist wearing white uniform.
A man in a martial arts outfit.
A man.
A man practices a martial arts pose.
Blond man crossing street.
A man in a blue-collared shirt is seen watching a man at his cart.
A man in formal attire plays a piano on the sidewalk of a city street.
A man dressed in Victorian-era clothing plays a piano.
Person standing with a cart on wheels
An elderly man dressed in a red and blue plaid shirt
An older gentleman, in a red plaid shirt and hunting cap, eats a piece of food from his bag.
An elderly man with a camouflage hat sitting in a chair.
An elderly man sitting in a chair.
An older man in a flannel shirt , sitting down.
A woman in a white shirt stands behind a counter, in the kitchen of an empty restaurant.
A woman stands behind the counter in a restaurant.
A woman in a white shirt works behind the counter at a cafe.
A young woman in white.
A woman in a white blouse.
A worker in a safety vest and hat is unloading equipment.
A technician in an orange vest removes cables from a work truck.
A man dressed in a reflective vest.
A man with work clothes on.
The electrical worker.
Two children looking at horses through a small fence.
Two children are in a grassy area.
Two children feeding horses.
Two children pet horses.
2 kids talk to the horses.
A blond man in a tan colored shirt is leaning against the window on the inside of a building.
Looking in through a decorated window.
A man is seen through the window.
A window.
Guy in Art Deco Glass Home.
A woman in a pink overcoat is looking surprised.
A woman wearing a bright pink overcoat.
A lady in a pink coat standing on street.
Woman with a surprised face.
Two women having a conversation.
Two males in cowboy hats.
Two young adults at a rodeo.
A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm.
Young man taping arm from injury.
A cowboy wrapping up his arm.
A red vehicle is being reflected in a store window.
A man in a yellow shirt
Two older men are standing outside.
A guy explains something to his friend.
Two men converse.
Two children and a woman are sitting on a sofa.
Three Asian children sitting on a couch.
An Asian woman and her two children sit at a table.
A woman in a red shirt.
Three young girls in arts and crafts room.
A woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis.
Young female tennis player in a red shirt.
A woman is jumping.
A girl in a red shirt.
A girl in a red shirt playing tennis.
A man in a black jacket and pants stands in a strange green structure.
A man is standing inside of a green sculpture.
A man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment.
A man posing.
A man standing.
A man smiles , while clinking ale bottles.
A man clinks bottles with another person.
Two friends.
A man share a Carlsberg toast.
Man cheering a friend.
A many in an orange t-shirt, tan shorts and tan and black baseball cap is moving a tall metal cart with sheets of pretzels.
A man in an orange shirt is loading or unloading a large amount of pretzels.
A baker.
Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck.
A man is loading a box truck.
A man playing an acoustic guitar and singing.
A gray-haired man singing in a crowd.
A man in a black jacket plays the guitar.
A man in a dark jacket is playing.
A man in a black jacket.
A number of people are doing a synchronized martial arts performance in the street.
The crowd along the city street is watch performers.
A group of men in white shirts perform.
Martial artist with rods.
A dance group performs in a parade.
A person with a backpack stands.
Person standing on rocky edge of water.
A person is standing on jagged rocks.
A man stands on a rocky cliff.
A man stands alone.
A policeman is leaning in picked up front to all of the bus as he looks at an old lady passenger getting off.
An african American police officer and woman stand at the front of a bus.
Police officer watching woman exit from bus.
Police officer whistles.
A police officer standing on a train.
Two law enforcement officers standing near one another.
Two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot.
Security officers are standing near a sporting event tent.
Two police officers on duty watching over things.
Two policemen standing.
Two people with their hands expressively out towards a sporting event 's field.
A man and lady are watching.
A man and woman watching a sports event.
Two men in blue shirts looking.
Two fans are cheering.
Military men in blue and red suits stand.
Men dressed up in blue uniforms.
A group of men in blue uniforms are standing together.
Policemen stand at attention in their office.
A crowd of guards.
A woman with long hair meditating.
A young lady in the beach.
A young lady.
A woman is doing yoga.
Woman doing yoga.
Two musicians are entertaining people in a city park.
A large crowd of people are standing around in a park.
A group of people standing on a sidewalk.
People gathered to watch.
Crowd gathered in city park.
A man in a striped blue shirt.
A man wearing a balloon hat while making another.
A man in a striped shirt.
A man with a balloon hat.
A man is making balloon animals.
Two men are barbecuing their food.
A few guys outside grilling food at night .
A man grilling meat.
Men tend meat at the makeshift barbecue.
Two men are cooking meat.
Two men talking and observing fruit.
A few men.
Two men standing beside a market of fruits and vegetables.
Two men selling fruit.
Merchants and customers at a market.
A lady in a bikini is pouring a drink into a red cup.
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink.
A woman
A woman in a bikini.
A woman in a bikini pours a drink.
A boy in sunglasses, a blue, hooded, zipped up sweater and brown shorts.
A young boy with sunglasses.
A boy with sunglasses running.
Boy in sunglasses is running.
kid in sunglasses
A middle-aged man is using a hammer and metal spike.
A gloved hand holds an oversize nail.
A man with a mustache prepares to hammer a nail.
a white man is splitting wood
A man hitting a nail into a tree log.
A man sits alone with gloves on at a red table.
A bearded man in a plaid shirt is sitting at a table.
A young man is using gloves to control a device.
A man in a plaid shirt shows off a black set of gloves.
A man is sitting down.
Two men are sitting in white chairs.
Two men in white plastic chairs.
Two elderly men.
Two men sitting and talking to each other.
Two men.
A young woman dressed up gothic lolita style.
A woman is dressed as a pirate in a red velvet dress and black hat.
A girl dressed up in a red dress and a hat.
A woman in a red velvet dress.
A young girl in a red dress.
Man in red and white soccer uniform stands on the field boundary lines.
Number 3 at a soccer game.
The number 3 soccer player.
soccer players.
A soccer match.
A lone person jumping through the air.
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap.
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.
People jump over a mountain crevasse.
A man doing tricks in the snow.
A group of people run a race or marathon.
People look on as participants in a marathon pass by.
Marathon runners are cheered on.
people watch marathon runners.
Several people watching.
Two men and one female.
Three people at an internet bar.
Three people are sitting at a counter.
Three people work on their laptops.
People on laptops.
A DJ with one hand on his headphones.
A disc jockey busy at work.
A DJ wearing headphones.
A guy with headphones DJing.
A dj playing music.
The man carries ears of corn.
A man wearing a harley-davidson hat.
A man is carrying a load of fruit.
A man wearing gloves carries corn.
A man harvests a field of fresh corn.
A view through a ribbed glass ceiling looking down on people eating in a cafeteria setting.
Several groups of seniors eat food.
A photo is taken of a mirror reflection.
this is a mirrored ceiling.
Slanted aerial view of a cafeteria.
A woman in a pink sweatshirts holds a bouquet of balloons.
People in the crowd look at the stage.
A muslim woman holding balloons.
A woman holding a red balloon.
A group of people attending an event.
A cat observing two little rabbits in a box of hay inside an wire enclosure.
A woman sits in a caged in area.
A woman watching over her two bunnies.
An old woman watches a cat.
A cat looking.
A woman sits at a restaurant.
The woman wearing a blue shirt.
A woman sitting against a brick wall.
A woman sits in a cafe.
A woman sits alone.
Three young women face each other.
Three people on comfortable seating.
A plat is sitting on the floor.
Three college-age women sit.
Three girls talking.
A lady walking in a alleyway.
A woman in a flowered skirt walks along the dirt streets.
A woman wearing blue and red.
A woman in a blue shirt walks in a village.
Little town and its people.
These children are gathered together.
Six children, sitting on a step.
Six children are sitting around taking notes together.
Many kids are sitting.
Children sitting.
A brown dog is shown standing in the water.
The dog runs through the water.
A dog plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day.
A tan dog playing with a stick.
A dog is playing in water.
Three dogs in different shades of brown and white.
Two dogs playfully bite a third dog.
Three small puppies.
Two dogs.
Three dogs playing.
A young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet.
A young boy wearing a red jumpsuit.
A boy in a helmet and red tracksuit poses.
A child is on a motorcycle.
young boy on a motorcycle.
People are gathered around the table.
A family is sitting at a table.
People are gathered around to eat.
A family having a turkey dinner.
A happy family.
A person dressed as "Santa Claus" is wearing a red coat and standing in a crowded room of people.
A city street filled with people
Santa Claus being photographed at a holiday media event.
A man in a Santa suit stands amongst a crowded street.
Man in Santa suit socializes.
Group of people.
Military Families are marching through New York.
A group of protesters.
People at a protest.
Protesters holding a petition.
A woman wearing plaid pants rides a motorcycle down the road.
A person in red rides a motorcycle.
Person in checkered shirt.
A woman in a blue helmet riding a motorcycle.
A man in red pants is carrying groceries .
people in black pants and white martial arts shirts with belts hold a pose.
Several men are wearing martial arts uniforms.
Four men doing a martial arts stance.
People are in a room practicing a martial art.
Karate.
A man and woman perform a martial arts demonstration.
A man in a black costume wielding a wooden stick attacks a woman in yellow garb outdoors.
A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks.
A man in a black costume and a woman in an orange costume are dueling.
Battling between the sexes.
A police officer walking out of his parked vehicle.
A man in a uniform walking on a street.
The partially obscured car is visible to the man in uniform.
A guy who got out of his car.
A man in uniform is walking by a car.
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness.
The woman in glasses.
Girl rock climbing.
Young woman climbing rock face.
Girl climbing.
A man works on his car.
An elderly man in a light blue coat works on a car.
Older man in a teal fleece jacket.
A man in a green jacket is working on his tire.
A man in a green jacket.
One white man and one african american man sitting at a long table.
People looking over several colored pieces of paper.
Several people are sitting at a table.
Two men read a bunch of colorful notes.
Business ideas are scattered about a table.
A man in a brown shirt and glasses plays a guitar.
man wearing a harmonica
A man plays a guitar.
A man sings and plays the guitar.
A young man in glasses sings.
A man sits at a restaurant table reading a newspaper.
Two men are sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Two men sit at a diner.
Two men sitting in a restaurant.
People in a restaurant.
Two women in shorts are running on the beach.
Two girls in shorts and sweaters are running.
Two women in shorts run down a beach.
Two people in shorts running.
Two girls running along the shore.
Three construction workers in orange vests speak.
Three construction workers are standing outside.
Workmen in safety vests are having a conversation.
Construction workers.
Workers
A man in a puffy black coat stands near a tree trunk.
A view.
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street.
People stand and walk on a brick sidewalk.
Man stands on city street.
A little boy and two older kids are playing.
Three children are at the playground.
three young kids enjoying them self.
A group of people are playing.
Children play.
A young girl in a blue skirt is propping herself up on bars of a metal structure.
A little girl in a blue outfit
A little girl wearing a navy skirt is climbing on some silver poles.
A little girl in navy blue is posing.
A girl straddles a bike rack.
A group of five dark-skinned people sitting at a farmer's market.
People sitting around a market area.
A group of asian sitting and eating in the middle of a market.
A group of men.
An elderly woman cutting fruit.
An asian long-haired man wearing a yellow hat.
A guy with a yellow outfit on standing behind a microphone.
A man dressed in yellow.
A man dressed in yellow.
A guy in a yellow hat talking into a microphone.
The dog is concerned with a purple object.
A brown dog grabs a purple Frisbee.
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee.
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth.
A dog in a field.
A guy in all black and boots.
A man practicing his martial arts moves.
A young Asian man is jumping in the air.
Oriental man practicing his karate moves.
karate kick
A lady with a white tank top holds a blue yard style cocktail cup.
People enjoying a festival.
Two young females talk.
A woman with a drink.
Two women share a laugh in the city.
A kid in a red and black coat is laying on his back in the snow.
A child in a red coat waves a hand in the air.
A child lays in the snow.
A young boy with a red jacket fell from his sled.
A child lies next to his red sled.
There are several dogs in the field where the girl with the ponytail is sitting down.
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass.
A girl in a gray shirt relaxes on the lawn.
A woman sitting next to her purse.
Woman sitting in the grass.
A man wearing an orange suit with his face painted white is holding a guitar.
Three men are standing on a stage.
A band performing on stage at a Valentine 's Day event.
A musical act wearing clown makeup is performing.
Various actors perform.
An African women is standing in front of a hut.
An African woman is standing near a well.
Woman standing barefoot near a small hut.
African woman standing near a hut.
A woman is processing plant fluid.
A woman in a fiery red dress and a man in a suit dance.
The woman in the red dress is dancing.
A man and woman dancing.
Two dancers performing.
A man and a woman.
Three dogs running.
The black dog runs with a ball.
Three dogs playing in a field.
Two small dogs follow a larger dog.
Three dogs race towards the viewer.
An old man with a long white beard.
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket.
An old man with a long beard sits on a park bench.
A man with a bushy beard and a baseball cap sits on a park bench.
A bearded man sits on a bench.
Appears to be an African tribe or family posing for a picture.
An African group of men, women, and babies pose.
A large group of Africans are having their picture taken.
An African tribe is standing in their garden.
A group of men , women and children are standing around.
A little girl is standing outside.
Young girl plays.
A little girl reaches over to brush a goat.
A young girl is trying to brush a goat.
A small girl is brushing a goat.
A group of people.
A group of people are sitting.
Asian people sitting at a restaurant.
Some people sitting on yellow chairs eating in a cafe.
A crowd eats in a restaurant.
A blond, fair-skinned baby in a pink top and bib sits in a highchair.
A baby girl eats a cookie while seated in a highchair.
A little girl with blond-hair is eating a cookie.
A very young girl.
A toddler eats a cookie.
A man mows a shaggy green lawn.
A guy maintains his yard by mowing.
A gray-haired man wearing black gloves.
A man mows a small lawn.
Man in long-sleeve shirt mows his lawn.
A group of people gather to examine pictures on the wall.
Woman sitting on chair reading book.
A student reads a book.
A woman reads a book.
An exhibit of artistic photos.
A young , asian child sitting on its parents ' shoulders.
child sitting on a ladies shoulders.
Young Asian girl on mothers shoulders.
A child claps while riding on a woman's shoulders.
A female child is on the shoulders of parent.
A family is walking.
A group of people walk up a street in the winter.
A man sits on a fence while a group of people walks on the sidewalk in front of him.
A man is sitting in the snow.
A man in blue watches a family walk by.
A cat sits atop a sign.
A cat is sitting atop a sign on the side of a building.
A cat is looking down.
A cat sits on top of a store sign.
A cat sits upon a business sign.
A man wearing sunglasses and a dark coat is walking down the street.
A man wearing headsets and sunglasses is walking.
A man in a pink shirt and black jacket.
A man is wearing a black jacket.
A young man on the street listening to headphones.
A young man wearing a blue, yellow, and white striped polo.
A young man in a striped shirt.
A guy playing with the ball.
A young man about to throw a football.
A brunette man.
A male and female are holding hands and walking down a winding walkway.
Couple walks down a corkscrew walkway.
A couple is walking around a building.
A guy and a girl going down a walkway.
A couple is walking in a building.
A woman with pink hair on a street corner holds two dogs.
A woman with pink hair bent down on the sidewalk.
A woman with pink hair square next to her pink dogs .
A woman with pink hair poses on a street corner.
A woman poses with two pink puppies.
A man in a suit is walking down the street.
A distressed looking man walks down a city street.
A male in a suit holding a beverage in a cup walking down the sidewalk.
A businessman prepares to walk into work.
A Businessman walks away from a bus.
A man wearing a white shirt jumped into the air.
Man jumping.
Man in khaki pants does elaborate kick.
A man jumps in a rocky desert.
A man in an orange hat.
A woman holds sticks attached to large striped banners.
A person in a red jacket with black pants.
A woman in the red jacket is holding two multicolored ribbons.
A person wearing a red jacket holding rainbow streamers.
a woman twirling ribbons.
A woman sitting on a bench.
An elderly person in a wheelchair.
A woman is sitting on a bench.
A woman puts her arm on a person sitting in a wheelchair.
Lady out with a elder person in wheelchair.
Two people stand in front of a hot circular grill and a basket of eggs.
A man in a white apron is cooking something with eggs on a pan outside.
A man in white apron and blue shirt is cooking eggs.
An Asian man is cooking eggs.
A man is cooking outdoors.
A lady wearing a headset and a microphone.
A woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street.
A woman wearing jeans and a blue shirt is standing next to a street post.
A woman with a push-to-talk cellphone and headset waiting at a crosswalk.
A lady standing at a crosswalk.
A group of men walk down the middle of a street.
A group of people are walking down a road.
People walking down the street.
A group of men walk down a city street.
People walking down.
A Thai Buddhist temple is the center of commerce.
Vehicles on a street next to structures.
Several street vehicles pass by.
Cars driving down a street.
A road next to an interesting place.
Several people walk in and out of a building.
A group of people in black standing on a dock.
The large round sculpture is surrounded.
A circular piece of architecture is in this city.
A large green metal ball.
The man with sunglasses and a striped shirt is walking down the street.
A man in sunglasses walks down a street.
Young man carrying boxes of beer down the street.
A curly-haired man.
Man carrying a few cases of beer.
An older man dressed in jeans and a puffy dark jacket.
Man sitting outside on sidewalk playing music.
A middle-aged man plays the accordion.
Pan handler playing the accordion.
A street musician
A teenage girl is dressed up for Saint Patrick 's Day.
A woman standing around.
Girl with green arm band , hair ties , and earrings stands outside.
A woman dressed up in green.
A woman is wearing a green , red , and white shirt.
A small child dressed in a pink jacket running down a sandy beach.
A little girl wearing pink.
A young girl in a pink shirt is on a beach.
A young girl fully dresses running.
A young girl is running across the beach.
A man on a skateboard waits at the corner of a city street.
A young man in a black t-shirt and jeans rides a skateboard.
A young man rides a skateboard.
A skateboarder in a black t-shirt and jeans skating threw the city.
a young man.
Man taking picture of church.
A man wearing a turquoise jacket is taking a picture of a church.
A man in a jacket is taking a photograph.
A man with a blue jacket photographing.
A man in a blue jacket takes a picture of a church.
Players in the red and white uniforms and bystanders are standing on a soccer field.
A group of people stands on the field.
A group of people stand at a soccer game.
People on the sideline of a soccer match.
An audience at a soccer game.
A man and a woman are each holding one of two little girl 's hands.
A family of four dashing across a busy street.
A family hurries across the street.
A family of four is crossing the street.
2 women and 2 girls.
A woman in a cowboy hat walks followed by a man in a blue baseball cap.
A blond woman in a cowboy hat.
Three people walk past a tourist attraction.
A group of people walk down the street.
A group of people walk along a sidewalk.
A man in sunglasses with a brown coat.
A street near a stoplight with several people.
Man walking.
A man picking his nose.
A man in a brown coat.
A red flower-box filled with green flowers.
A group of buildings surrounding a street.
Three people are pictured walking.
An empty alleyway.
Some plants are growing.
A man in a black shirt and white pants swinging a baseball bat.
This player with the blue helmet.
A baseball player swinging.
Players watch a batting from a batter at a game.
baseball player in black and gray uniform swinging.
A middle-aged woman with middle length brown hair in khaki pants is walking in the subway station.
A woman in her early fifties walks by herself in the subway.
Woman in a gold jacket walking.
The woman in the gold coat.
A woman in a gold jacket waiting in the subway.
A few people sit in benches along a tree-lined avenue.
Some people.
People sitting on benches.
Two row of trees.
People are sitting on benches in a plaza.
A man sitting on a bench.
A middle-aged man in a business suit is seated at a bus stop shelter.
A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop.
A man in a suit.
One man sitting at a bus stop.
A man, mouth agape, wearing a multicolored behind a podium with writing on the front of it.
An African American man surrounded by empty overturned white buckets and dark colored crates.
A homeless man holding a sign surrounded by buckets.
A black man plays a makeshift drum set.
A man is smiling.
Woman holding a sandwich in one hand and a cup in another hand.
A brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag.
A woman in an apron.
A young brunette woman eating.
a woman holding a cookie.
A man dressed in dark colors and a hat.
Man standing on the sidewalk next to the street.
A man in a suit and hat.
A man with a top hat is playing guitar.
A man on the street playing a guitar.
A woman in a yellow and red outfit.
A woman wearing a yellow sweater working at a computer.
A woman in a brown vest is working on the computer.
A woman in a red vest.
An older woman.
People standing around incense.
Asian people in a temple praying.
Some people standing around a smoke pit thing.
People getting near fire.
A man inhaling smoke.
A bald man is putting on a tie.
A clean-shaven man getting dressed in a purple shirt.
A short-haired man adjusting his tie.
A man using the bathroom mirror to tie his tie.
A man looking in the mirror.
An elderly women is sitting.
Music being played.
musicians performing.
There is a band playing.
A string quartet dazzles
Two men sitting on a cart being drawn by a horse.
Two young men riding on a very small horse-drawn wagon.
Two men.
Two guys sitting on a car.
Two men on a produce cart.
A woman in a dress.
A woman with high heels and a purse.
a blond woman walking down the sidewalk.
A woman in a dress.
A blond woman walking.
man standing at a counter in a convenience store.
A man in a striped t-shirt stands at the counter of a convenience store.
A man touches his back pocket.
A clerk in a convenience store asks a customer buying alcohol for his age.
A guy ready to make a purchase.
A man with sunglasses is operating a construction automobile.
A man wearing jeans operates a front-loader.
A man in a white shirt is driving a tractor.
A man wearing sunglasses in a backhoe dumps dirt.
A man hauling dirt and sand.
A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys .
The infant has plenty of toys .
A baby girl looking at a black and white cat.
A baby playing with her toys.
A black and white cat looking at a baby.
A woman carrying a guitar.
Woman wearing maroon sweater.
A girl is walking among trees.
A teenage girl is carrying a guitar.
A woman carrying a guitar.
A guy with a backpack.
A dark-haired man wearing a backpack.
A man is wearing a black backpack.
A man strolls down a sidewalk.
A man wearing a backpack is walking.
Two guys in front of a souvenir shop.
A man listens to his cellphone.
Two men are having a conversation.
A tourists shopping.
Two friends meet up.
A blond pregnant woman in a black shirt is standing in the kitchen with her hand on her belly.
A woman with blond-hair wearing a black shirt is standing.
A blond woman in a black shirt.
A woman in black is holding something in her mouth.
A girl posing in the kitchen.
A group of ladies sit around a black table.
A group of people sit outdoors around a small table.
Some young adults are sitting outside on a patio.
A group of people.
A group of people gather.
A man dressed in a checkered shirt performs an aerial stunt on a bicycle.
A young man with a blue checkered shirt is doing bike tricks.
A man on a bike.
A BMX biker shoots up into the air.
A man riding his bike.
A woman in a black tank top holding her purse on one shoulder is looking at something in the distance.
A woman wearing a black tank top and a cross necklace.
A woman with long blond-hair walks in front of a parked white car.
A blond woman shows her profile.
A tattooed blond woman.
A young girl in a pink jacket walks with two sisters in matching outfits in public.
Three little girls wearing brown and pick sweaters.
Three girls in jackets walking on the sidewalk.
Three young girls are walking.
Three girls wearing jackets running outside.
A fair haired woman is wearing a graduation gown.
Woman wearing makeup and nail polish.
Girl graduating from college.
A woman with long hair is at a graduation ceremony.
Woman in black graduation gown.
A guy wearing shorts is skateboarding down the road.
A young man sits on the curb while another rides a skateboard down the street.
A male is riding a skateboard on a road
A man is skateboarding on a road.
A kid riding a skateboard.
A man in a black leather jacket standing in front of a sign by Architects & Engineers.
A man is standing next to a billboard.
A man in leather jacket.
A man in a black leather coat is standing in front of a sign.
Man standing by 9-11 poster.
A woman in a white tank top.
A man in a brown shirt and a woman in a white tank top singing into their microphones.
A male and female.
A man and a woman.
A black man and white woman sing together.
As he lays in the grass.
A young girl with curly blond-hair.
A curly-haired child.
A young child with ringlet curls laying in a grassy area.
Child with curly hair laying in a field.
A girls ' soccer team in green and black uniforms.
A young girls soccer team with green jerseys and black shorts doing warm up stretches.
A female soccer team wearing green.
A young women 's soccer team with green uniforms is performing.
Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs.
A man is holding a young woman.
A woman acts out a scene in public behind caution tape.
A woman leans against a man.
Two dancers.
A man and woman are embracing.
A man bends down.
A man crouches while doing chores.
A bald man in a monastery.
A man is bent over working outside.
a man is cleaning out a small temple.
A group of people in white shirts stand on a grass pitch.
people standing in a stadium.
Ball players with white.
A group of men.
Old people are playing bocce ball.
A busy plaza with three young women.
Travelers with lots of luggage standing in the middle of a large city area.
Three people stand underneath an umbrella.
A person in jeans.
A busy day for citizens.
A man in a gray shirt smoking a cigarette.
A man with a cigarette in his mouth fixing a plate of food.
Young man with a cigarette.
A man in a tank top.
A man in a gray wife beater.
Eleven people gather in lake
Two groups of shirtless men.
A group of people standing.
Ten people swimming.
Two groups of swimmers wade out.
A black dress mannequin positioned next to a suitcase.
People sit on a bench.
People sitting on concrete benches and walking.
Several people are outside sitting on a long bench.
A group of people and a mannequin are in a park.
Four construction workers gathered around a hole.
Three men with hard hats in front of a large hole.
Four workmen removing debris.
The workers.
Several workers wearing hard hats dig.
A lone man standing a rock shore looking downward at a inland body of water.
A shirtless man in black shorts is standing on the rocky shore.
A shirtless young man in black shorts stands on the rocks .
A man on a rocky beach, wearing a black bathing suit.
A man wearing long , black shorts.
A policeman looking away from the camera.
An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure.
A man in uniform.
A guard is on the look out.
Men in uniform are standing.
People playing pool.
A man in a gray overshirt plays pool.
a group of people stand around a pool table.
A pool player lines up his shot.
Three people playing pool
A small crowd of people are walking around an city's outdoor fountain.
People are standing in front of a sculpture.
Group of people near a water fountain.
A group of people stand in the park.
Several pedestrians.
A guy sitting with his arms crossed .
A woman looks on as a man with folded arms.
Man and woman.
A woman stares at a man.
A guy and a girl.
Several people stopped by the side of the road.
A crowd of people stand on the side of the road.
middle-aged man in white shorts
A group of people linger.
Tourists enjoying mother nature.
Two men wearing orange robes and sandals are standing in front of the Bean in Millenium Park.
Two men dressed in dark orange coverings and sandals.
Two men
Two men in robes.
Two monks.
A woman peering over the edge of a boat.
A woman leans over the bow of a boat.
This man and women lost something.
Two people are spending good time in their boat.
Blond woman hanging.
A man with a messenger bag stands on a street corner.
A man and a woman are standing on the street.
A man and woman wait to cross a busy street.
A man and a woman standing on a street corner.
A woman and a man at a crosswalk.
Three firefighters.
Three firefighters enraged after a prank call.
Three firefighter come out of subway station.
Exhausted looking firemen.
Firemen emerge.
Four older men sitting on a blue patterned rug.
Four men, three of whom are wearing prayer caps, are sitting on a blue and olive green patterned mat.
Four men.
Four men pose for the camera.
Four men sit on the found in front of a church.
Two people in orange shirts sits at a table on the right of a group of people in blue shirts.
A crowd of people sitting.
A crowd of people gathered in a public place outdoors sitting at picnic tables.
A large group of people sitting outside on benches.
People are sitting at tables.
A man in a red shirt walks past "32 De Neude".
A man wearing a red t-shirt and jeans is walking outside a shop.
A street corner with stores.
A picture of a storefront.
A man in a red shirt walking down a city street.
Three surgeons operate on a patient.
Two doctors are working on a surgical procedure.
The doctors are involved.
Doctors performing.
Two doctors.
A man smoking a cigarette is looking down at a camera.
a man wearing a yankees hat trying to operate a camera.
An older man with a cigarette in his mouth.
A man wearing a tank-top.
Man smoking.
A band is of four members including a woman and three men are playing their instruments.
A group of musicians.
A musical street quartet performs.
Small orchestra playing.
Four people playing instruments.
A man in a red suit is dancing with a woman.
A man with a red suit is dancing.
A homely looking woman.
Two men are dancing.
Two people dressed in red.
A man with a blue jacket and a woman wearing a black jacket are standing near a large statue.
Two people survey the night sky.
Two people.
Two people look on at the lights in a city.
Couple watching the moon.
Two motocross bikers wearing full protective gear.
During a race, the blue biker cleared a jump safely.
A person riding their motorcycle.
A man drives a motorcycle in a wooded area.
A BMX racer.
People are gathered under a big red " De Koninck " umbrella.
Groups of people are having conversations with each other.
A group of people outside in orange t-shirts.
Several men dressed in orange gather.
A bunch of people in orange shirts at an event.
Two girls running down the street.
Two young girls run on a sidewalk.
Two children play on the street.
Two people
Two people are running.
Two men are climbing.
Two people climb a sheer cliff face.
Two individual climbing up a mountain.
Nice view of a guy climbing.
2 men going up a mountainside.
A baby girl wearing a harness is lying on the ground.
Harnessed Asian child lying on ground in front of stroller.
A child is laying on the ground.
The child is having a meltdown.
A child in a harness.
A blond woman in a leather jacket is sitting outside.
A man and a woman are sitting at a table.
Two people eating at an outside table.
two people eating.
A dog begging to a man.
A man in a gray jacket shops with other people at the fish market.
A lot of people at the market.
Men browse an outdoor fish market.
A man wearing a jacket at a market
People are shopping for fish.
A young blond man and another young man are playing guitars.
Two young men playing electric guitars.
Two young men play electric guitars.
Two men are playing guitar.
Two guys playing the guitar.
A tattooed man pouring beer.
A tattooed man
A tattooed man.
Man serving another man a beer.
two guys drinking beer.
A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure.
Two people stand next to an inflatable obstacle course.
Two people are standing around in front of a blob machine.
Two people standing outside next to blow up toys.
Two people are looking at an inflatable climbing wall.
Cyclists ride their bikes over a bridge.
People riding bikes.
Four people are riding bicycles.
Three bicyclists riding on bridge.
Bicyclers riding over a bridge.
An old women in pink and wearing hat is squeezing her eyes.
Older women in pink look.
An older woman is standing.
Two older women outside set against a cityscape.
Woman in a pink shirt.
A woman in a red shirt raising her arm
A woman in a red shirt
A person in red.
Woman in red looking over the celebration parade .
Someone looking at people in the street.
A boy with white shorts on leaping into a pong.
A smiling lanky boy is wearing white shorts.
A skinny boy with black hair and white shorts.
A skinny shirtless indian boy wearing shorts is jumping to the lake.
A boy in white shorts is jumping into a lake or river.
A child with long hair wearing a pink shirt is looking through a tourist telescope.
A little girl is looking through a telescope.
A child looks through a binocular station.
girl child.
A girl looking through binoculars.
Two workers.
Several construction workers with orange safety vests are digging into the ground.
A man in a reflective vest stands in a hole.
A black man in a reflective vest standing in a dirt hole.
A man working in the ground.
A person wearing a hooded jacket stands facing a shop.
A person in a hood is standing in front of a building.
a man standing on a street
A man waits at a light.
A man is attempting to cross the street.
A man with a white headscarf and an I Love NY t-shirt is among several men picketing.
Protesters holding picket signs up.
A group of men protesting.
Construction workers picketing.
Protesters joining on a city street.
A man in a sombrero on a chestnut horse is ahead of several other men on horses.
Four horses with cowboy riders running near a fifth horse.
a man riding a running horse.
Hispanics are on horseback.
Cowboys are riding on horses.
A man strolling.
A young black man.
An African American man walking down the street.
A black man with a red shirt on.
A guy with a red shirt.
Two nuns , one with paper in her hand.
Two nuns
Two nuns are posing for a picture.
Two nuns are standing outside.
Two nuns stand on the street.
A woman wearing headphones enjoys her coffee.
A girl with headphones on sitting.
The girl is in a coffee shop.
Girl listening to purple headphones.
A woman with neon headphones writes in a notebook.
Brown-haired girl wearing a green tank top.
A woman in a tank top, walks through a market.
A woman in a green-patterned shirt.
A girl in a green shirt.
Young woman in market talking on cellphone.
An african child carries an infant in swaddling cloth on her back.
A child carries his younger sibling on his back.
A small African child carries a younger child on his back.
African girl with a small boy.
A young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride.
A gateway with wood paneling opens up onto a public street.
A Japanese shop.
A storefront with a sign.
A group of people are sitting in chairs.
People sit in an Asian restaurant.
An Asian man in a purple bandanna and dress shirt stands outside a restaurant.
An Asian man is standing outside of a restaurant.
A person with a purple head covering and purple shirt.
A person in a bandanna stands on the street.
A street vendor in Asia tries.
Person wearing a red shirt.
An oriental person in a red shirt and black pants crouching over a purse.
A person in a red shirt.
Woman with red shirt sitting holding purse.
A teen with a purse squats on a curb.
A large black dog and a large yellow dog appear to be playing.
The black dog.
A black and a brown dog are running.
A black dog and a brown dog.
A black and a yellow dog.
A man attempts to start a flying model of a bi-plane.
a man with a black vest.
A man tests model airplanes.
A man holding a remote controlled airplane.
A man packs up his toy airplane.
Even in cooler weather men will get out.
A man in dark clothing watches a model airplane fly above an empty field.
A man is looking at a small plane.
A man in a field with an airplane in view.
A man is watching something.
People waiting for a subway train.
A man in a suit and tie joins others in waiting in the London Underground.
People wait on a mass transit platform.
A man in a black suite.
Picture of a train.
A young boy is taking American flags.
A young boy living in the suburbs walks up the sidewalk.
A boy with a red shirt walking.
a kid is walking down the sidewalk with American flags.
A boy in a red shirt.
A black dog is running across the grass.
Black dog is carrying something in its mouth.
A black dog runs along the green grass.
A black dog runs.
A black dog is running outside.
A man in a black shirt and gray pants holds his luggage.
A man wearing a black short-sleeve shirt is waiting in line.
An Oriental traveler awaits his turn at the currency exchange.
A man in a black shirt is standing in line with his luggage.
Man in black shirt waiting.
A dog stirs up the dirt.
A dog turns on the grass.
A light brown dog is chasing after a ball.
A dog is playing fetch.
A yellow dog anticipates a ball.
A lady standing in front of a lot of elementary school aged children.
A large group of kids sitting on the floor listening to a lady in a blue dress.
A woman is standing and talking to a group of children.
A group of students.
The kids are listening to their teacher.
Construction signs and lights help.
Construction workers.
Two people on motorbikes are riding
People are driving scooters.
Road construction arrows.
A group of people.
A boy in a lavender shirt sits on his bike.
There is a boardwalk by a body of water.
A large gray sea deck.
A man rides his bike.
A man with an orange shirt and sunglasses along with a young boy and train conductor ride a children's train.
A man in an orange shirt and a blond boy are riding.
People sitting and waving in a mini Pullman train.
Man and his son wave.
people on a miniature train.
A dark-haired man sits atop a structure.
A guy and girl are sitting in a sculpture.
A man sitting on a statue outdoors.
A young man and women near a large metal sculpture.
A guy and a girl are dressed for summer.
Several people standing around a boat.
Four men are preparing to launch a boat.
A boat with red , white and blue sails docking.
A group of people get set to go fishing.
A blue boat sitting.
A man in a black hat takes a picture.
A man on a city street takes a picture.
A man wearing a black hat taking a photo.
A man with a hat is taking a photo.
A tourist.
Male in the street wearing a blue plaid shirt.
A middle-aged man standing in the middle of a crowd.
A man is standing on a busy street.
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.
A man in a blue plaid shirt looking up.
Two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk.
A little girl is riding on a man 's shoulders as they walk behind a scarf-clad woman.
Two women are walking against a wall along the side of a road.
A woman in black has a little girl on her shoulders.
Two women are walking on a footpath.
Several people with instruments.
A group of people on the street.
A train stop with a band.
People playing instruments.
A band prepares.
Young dirt bikers try to get a dirt bike up a sandy hill.
A young man pushes his motocross bike.
A fallen dirt biker is aided by another.
The dirt bike rider.
Two boys lifting a dirt bike.
Two women wearing jeans and a man.
Three people are walking up a mountain trail.
Three people are hiking.
Three people , with backpacks hiking along a dirt road.
Three hikers a traversing a trail.
A crowd of business travelers lined up.
Several Asian men wearing black clothing.
Asian men waiting in line.
Many men in suits waiting.
Many Asian people waiting at a train stop.
Graffiti with saying CRAZI
A woman in a red skirt is walking on the street.
A woman walking past a wall of green and pink graffiti.
A girl walking past some graffiti.
A brick wall.
A gymnast in a blue and pink leotard is standing on her right foot.
A young woman wearing pink and blue is performing gymnastic feats.
A rhythmic gymnast.
A woman on a large floor twirling ribbons.
Rhythmic gymnasts are new to the competitive olympics.
Children play in the dark water fountain near the white triumphal arch .
People cooling off in a fountain.
A group of children.
A man in blue shorts and sitting in the pool.
People are sitting around and playing.
A man is sitting on a bench.
a man sitting on a chair.
A person is sitting comfortably on a bench.
A man sitting on a bench.
a man is sitting by the sidewalk.
Men wearing red and white stripe shirts and wearing blue hats carrying flags outside a brick building.
Three men in red and white striped shirts hold flags.
Three men in red striped shirts carry flags.
Three men in striped shirts.
Old men in striped shirts.
Two women looking at an Asian decoration.
Several people stand and stare at a work of art.
An Asian couple.
This photo shows Asian art on display.
People admire a work of art.
A bunch of people walking.
Busy Asian mall.
People are walking.
People walking through the mall.
People walking around in a mall.
A woman in a white shirt and blue shorts follows a two people in red shirts.
A group of three people.
Three people are outside walking up a set of wooden stairs.
People are climbing the steps.
People walking up
A small child in a blue outfit is looking off at trees.
A young boy wearing blue is standing next to a large red ball.
Small boy in blue with a bright red ball walking.
The toddler in blue is looking away.
A little boy playing with a red ball.
A girl in a green sweatshirt checks out at a store.
A store with pokemon items.
A young man in a green shirt is making a purchase.
People are looking at children's toys.
People are busy shopping.
An aging man in a green and orange palm tree shirt and straw hat.
A man with a hat is playing the drum.
An older man in a tropical shirt plays a drum.
A man in a straw hat playing the drum.
An elderly man.
A small group of Asian youths gathered on the sidewalk.
An Asian man makes faces.
a group of people.
A group of young Asian people.
A boy stands with three girls.
A middle-aged man with a backpack playfully pretends to box .
A smiling man wearing a backpack holds his fists up.
An adult Asian male instructs a group of Asian children.
An Asian man in a black shirt making a fighting pose.
A group of tourists is excited.
Four men in green, red, gray, and white shirts standing near a blue handrail.
Four men are outside looking down over the green bridge.
Four middle-aged men stand behind a fence.
A group of men.
Four men leaning over a green fence.
A woman lounges on a towel.
A woman in a two piece swimsuit is on the beach.
A woman in a purple bikini.
A girl stretching her leg next to the beach.
A young women sunbathes at the sea.
A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy.
An adult Australian Shepherd follows.
A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog.
A puppy with blue eyes runs.
The two dogs
there is six adults.
Fall shoppers and bistro food lovers caught in the ebb and flow of the city.
The ladies are walking past the restaurant.
A group of people.
Pedestrians walk by outside a cafe.
A black man stands behind a garbage can.
A man is holding a strange sign.
The African American man protests.
Man standing by a poster.
a black man.
A police officer on a motorcycle sitting at a traffic light.
Police on motorcycle waiting at stoplight.
A motorcycle cop is getting ready to turn onto a new road.
A policeman is on a bike.
Police motorcycle waiting.
A group of Asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table.
Some Asian men are sitting.
Eight men gathered around a table.
A group of men are sitting around a table.
A group of Asian men.
At least one woman and several men are standing around outside an office building.
High class group of business people have drinks.
A group of people in semi-formal attire.
A group of people stand in front of a small gate.
People stand outside behind a railing.
A woman wearing sunglasses, white shorts and gray t-shirt is walking her dog.
Two women walking.
Woman talking to friend.
A woman walking her dog and another woman is pushing a stroller.
Two women, one walking her dog, the other pushing a stroller.
A teenage boy with a white headband looking right.
Young man in a headband.
A young man wearing a gray and black shirt
The one teen has a headband.
Teenager standing up.
A colorful array of motorcyclists gathered outdoors.
A couple sits on a motorcycle.
A guy wearing an orange vest sitting on a red motorcycle on the street.
Two people on red motorcycle riding.
Two people are riding a motorcycle.
Two women in military uniform are standing.
A group of army personnel in uniform wear their hats upside down.
A group of men and women.
Two female soldiers standing.
two girls wearing an army uniform.
Three Asian women are standing together smiling.
Three girls smiling.
Three young women smiling.
Three girls are smiling.
Three girls.
Three people are seated on a wooden bench in front of a sign.
The lady wearing black rimmed glasses looks confused.
Two women talking to one another.
Two young women discuss something.
Three people are sitting on a wooden bench.
A man wearing a brown shirt drinks from a water fountain.
A man with blond-hair drinks.
A red-haired young man drinks.
A boy is drinking out of a water fountain.
A blond man is drinking.
Two young men in black and white t-shirt.
Three people walk down the street.
Two guys and a girl.
Two men and a woman are walking down a city street.
Two men and a woman walking together.
An older man in a navy blue polo shirt holds an infant.
A man in a black polo shirt holds an infant.
A middle-aged man with red-hair.
An older male is holding an infant.
An older man holding a newborn baby.
A young child wearing a red hat rides a horse.
A young boy in a red hat rides on a horse.
A little boy in a red hat riding a horse.
A child in a red hat.
Young boy in red hat.
A boy wearing shorts and a white shirt plays with a yo-yo.
A kid with white shirt and gray shorts is playing with a yo-yo
Two boys are playing on the sidewalk.
A young boy.
Two kids playing.
A little girl with a flower on her swimsuit stands on a lake-beach.
A little girl wearing a black swimming suit holding a shovel .
A young girl in a swimsuit on a small beach.
A little girl on the beach.
Little girl standing at the beach.
An older man sites on a cushioned bench.
A man rests his eyes, sitting on a red couch.
Old man wearing a hat and coat sleeping sitting up on a sofa.
An elderly man sleeps sitting up.
An old man sits alone on a couch.
Two boys are looking upwards.
Two boys are looking up at the sky.
Two boys in long-sleeve shirts are reaching.
Two people waving their hands.
The children are looking upward.
A man in a red hat
A man wearing dark sunglasses.
A man and women sitting on the floor.
A young couple sits on the sidewalk.
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.
Asian school children are on a field trip.
A youth wearing a shirt and tie crouching down.
A group of Asian students.
An asian girl.
A girl is holding up the peace sign.
Three people sit at a table in front of an establishment.
Three people sitting outside under canopy.
Three people are sitting at an outdoor table.
Three people sitting at a table.
Three men sit outside of a cafe.
A boy in a black shirt and red wristbands hanging upside down.
a man hangs upside down in a busy park.
A man is doing a somersault.
An upside down man in a black shirt.
A man is upside down in the air.
A man is walking on a paved surface.
A man walking in front of a colorful mural.
A man is walking down the street.
A man walking in front of a wall mural.
A man is walking near a colorful wall.
Two young men walk toward the camera.
A young man walking with another young man.
Two men walking.
A young man wearing a blue jacket.
Two young people walk down a sidewalk.
A man in a blue shirt lifts a long pole-handled tool towards a ceiling.
A man wearing a blue shirt trying to get something.
There is a man poking a long stick.
A man trimming a palm tree.
A craftsperson makes metal objects.
Four adults and a little blond girl walk up outside stairs.
Five people walking up a set of stairs.
A group of people walking up stairs.
A woman wearing a p blouse walks up a flight of stairs.
People climbing up stairs.
A very busy market street.
The woman in the red pant suit and white hat is selling her produce.
People walk through a vegetable stall filled market.
People roaming around in a public market
A group of people at an outdoor fruit market.
Two little boys eat McDonald's while sitting at a table and chairs outside.
Two boys eat their McDonalds lunch.
The picture shows several people eating.
Two young boys eat McDonalds.
Children are eating food at a table.
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building.
A teenage girl with a shaved head walks.
The girl with a shaved head is walking on the sidewalk.
a woman wearing a denim jacket.
Girl with shaved head.
A male in a purple shirt and white hat is driving a vehicle.
A man driving a four wheeled vehicle with four passengers riding on the front.
An Asian family travels in a motorized car.
A man
Three people sitting in a large bike basket.
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper.
A newspaper salesman.
man in turquoise shirt reading new paper.
A gentleman reading a newspaper.
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper.
A toddler , whilst sitting in a stroller , is perplexed by a Korean child 's book
A blond little boy is wearing a green shirt.
A blond boy is sitting in a stroller.
A boy in a stroller is wearing a green shirt
A picture of two little boys.
A boy and a girl are sitting on a bench.
Children
Two small children sitting on a bench.
Two children sit side by side.
two kids sitting at a table.
A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes.
People are riding bicycles in the street.
A group of people ride bicycles.
Asian people ride their bikes.
Many people outside on bicycles.
A man wearing blue jeans and a blue shirt.
A man in a blue t-shirt is speaking into a blow horn.
A man in a blue shirt speaking on a loudspeaker to a large group of people.
Crowds of people.
Whole Foods hosts a "City Picnic."
A man riding a vehicle pulled by a donkey.
A man seated on a platform is being pulled.
A man on a cart.
A man riding a cart.
A man is being pulled by a donkey.
A man in a black hat and jacket is riding his bicycle.
A man is riding a bike.
A man on a bicycle pedals through an archway.
A man in black.
a man on a bike.
A colorfully dressed young man with visible skin lesions is sitting.
A young man with darker skin and a shaved head is sitting down.
A kid with his head shaved sitting.
A young man in a blue poncho smoking a cigarette.
A boy is sitting down.
Two men , dressed in business suits , wearing long black coats.
Two young men in long jackets stand under an umbrella.
Two men in suits standing under an umbrella.
Two men in suits under an umbrella.
Two men in black holding an umbrella.
An old man in dirty clothes rides a bike.
An old skinny man wearing the dirty white shirt.
Old man riding a bicycle.
A gentleman
Old man riding a bike.
Two men who are riding on two horses are trying to rope a bull in a rodeo.
A cowboy at a rodeo is roping a cow.
On horseback a man attempts to rope a young bull.
A cowboy is roping a steer.
A man on a horse.
A cowboy on a horse twirling his lasso .
The cowboy swings his lasso.
A cowboy is attempting to lasso a calf.
A cowboy-looking fellow slings a lasso.
Cowboy preparing to lasso.
Two Bicyclers with backpacks.
Two bicyclists with helmets on are riding past some empty country fields.
Two people are riding bikes.
Two people are biking past a house.
Two person are riding bicycles.
A man with black pants and a white shirt is reaching into a large white plastic bag.
A man is leaning over.
A man looking for something.
Someone buying groceries.
A man is stooping.
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter.
A man using a scooter wearing a black leather jacket looking away from the camera.
A man in an electric scooter and bare feet is looking into a crowd.
The elderly man is enjoying time in the park.
A man in a motor cart rides by to witness the park area.
A woman dressed in black with a tattoo is taking a picture.
A person with tattoos.
Somebody took a photo of a girl with long black hair.
A woman with long hair in black clothing.
A tattooed woman taking a picture.
Four people walking down a street.
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans is standing on the sidewalk.
A man in a black shirt.
Three people walk away from the camera.
A man turning to have his picture taken.
Overhead shot of 2 teenagers.
A boy and girl standing together.
Two people consult a map.
Two people looking a piece of paper.
A couple.
A group of medical students dressed in blue scrubs, visitor sitting on the wall.
Eight people in blue shits.
Several people in blue scrubs.
A woman talks on the phone.
An Asian woman is talking on the phone.
A woman with a dog sitting on a bench.
A woman and a dog sit on a bench.
A woman and a dog sit on a white bench.
A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench.
white bench looking out onto the ocean.
View of a Victorian building in the background.
Two people walking on dirt.
People are walking on the front grounds.
Two women are walking in dirt.
Tourists walk among the grounds.
Three construction workers stand at the front of a large group of people.
Men in hard hats and industrial equipment march.
Men hard hats and safety harnesses walk down the street.
A group of men and a child in white shirts are standing in the road.
A child stands outside.
A woman in an all black outfit holds her glasses while she stands in the street.
A woman dressed in black boots, black jacket, and a black hat.
A woman wearing black pants and black jacket.
A woman wearing all black and carrying a black bag.
A woman wearing all black.
A group of men gathered around a table.
Group of men sitting around a table.
Elderly men are grouped around a table.
A group of men sits around a table.
Seniors gathered around a table.
A man and a woman.
Graffiti on a wall depicts children drawing on the wall.
A man and a woman walking.
A mural of children on a brick wall.
A mural on the side of a building.
A man holds out a wire basket.
An Asian man wearing gloves is working at a food stall.
A man wearing red gloves is holding a red basket.
A dark-haired man wearing a black apron.
A man in an apron.
A woman with blond-hair.
I slave over this assignment.
A woman working on her computer.
Woman sitting at a table.
A woman in a white shirt working.
A lone man sits in a dark room before a desk.
A person is looking at the computer on a desk.
An aerial view of a man sitting at a desktop computer.
A man working on something on a desktop.
Male working on a computer.
A man with gray hair sits in a chair on the street with a guitar by his side.
An old man sits outside with his guitar.
An elderly man sitting outside on a chair.
A man sits.
man playing guitar.
Two people wearing hats.
A man and a woman work in a field.
Two workers in sunhats.
Two gardeners are pruning leafy plants.
Two workers are working in the green field.
A female athlete performing a high jump.
A female athlete is high jumping.
A woman doing a high jump.
leaping over a high bar
A woman midair vaulting.
A man dressed in boots and a cowboy hat sits atop a horse that is jumping.
A large man in a white shirt.
A man riding a horse as it jumps into the air.
A man in full cowboy attire rides a bucking horse.
A man is astride a rearing horse in an arena full of spectators.
Two little girls sitting on the edge of a street.
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk.
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb.
Two young girls are sitting on the street.
Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob.
Three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field.
One young football player in a white jersey being tackled.
A football player.
A football player for the East Lake team takes down his opponent.
The boys wearing the purple uniforms tackled.
A young girl with a dirty face and pink shirt lays her head on the chest of an older woman.
A small smiling child huddled into the chest of an older man.
An older woman smiling as she holds a young girl.
A young child with a dirty face.
The smiling baby is being held by a smiling adult.
A man with a blue shirt sitting on a bed.
A man with glasses looks at camera .
A man smiles for the camera.
Two men are in a room.
Two men.
A person with a scarf over their head and a boy in a black t-shirt looking at what appear to be olives in a pile on a tarp on the ground.
A boy and a woman in a white shawl working.
Two people sit in the sand under a tree.
Two people sitting under a tree picking a green vegetable.
The boy and woman.
A Young African American boy wearing a blue baseball cap gazes through a telescope.
A young boy wearing a blue hat is looking through a telescope.
A young boy wearing a blue cap.
A child is looking through a telescope.
A child looking through a telescope.
Three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove.
A white man is cooking.
A man cooks with a pot on the stove in the kitchen.
Man preparing food.
3 men cooking.
a young girl wearing a gray snowsuit skiing.
A little child is in full ski gear.
A small child wears skis.
A small child in a snowsuit.
A little girl in pink
Two women wearing colorful skirts and t-shirts.
Two African women wearing purple and lime green skirts are dancing.
Black women in bright skirts and tops are dancing.
A group of village women gathered.
Spectators are watching two women dance.
One man in a hooded sweatshirt.
A man and a woman are sorting through laundry.
A dude is wearing gloves.
Man and woman sort clothes.
People doing laundry.
A young blond girl is sitting in a wooden chair backwards.
A little girl wearing pink clothes is sitting in a rocking chair.
A young girl is sitting backwards on a chair.
A young girl sitting on a wooden chair.
A girl sitting on a chair.
A young boy.
Two people.
Two workers weld the bars of a fence.
A man in blue is using a tool on a metal piece of fence.
Men spot welding.
A long-haired skateboarder.
A skateboarding young man's soaring over rails.
A young man hits a spectacular pose on a rail midair on his skateboard.
A punk wearing a white T-shirt is performing tricks.
A young man skateboarding on the rails.
Two workers wearing bright protective overcoats, shovel snow.
In a outdoor market two men shovel snow and slush out of the path.
Two workers and clearing.
Men shoveling snow.
Workers are removing ice.
A man in a white shirt playing a white guitar.
A man playing a guitar.
A middle-aged guitar player is on stage.
A guy wearing a white shirt is playing.
A man in a dimly lit room playing a guitar.
Three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras.
A young girl shows her friends how to use a disposable camera.
Three young girls in winter coats.
Three children inspecting their disposable cameras.
A girl shows her camera.
A young boy.
The boy wearing swimming trunks.
A young boy jumps off of a wooden dock.
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
A boy jump kicks off a dock.
A woman in glasses at the dentist.
Lady with a green mask at the dentist.
A person wearing glasses is prepped.
This woman is having some sort of dental procedure done.
A woman with glasses is undergoing a dental procedure.
A snowboarder is catching air on a snowy hill.
A man with an orange jacket and blue hat
A person in an orange jacket.
A snowboarder in an orange coat.
A man in an orange jacket.
A little girl with blond-hair playing in a mud puddle.
A little girl finds joy in playing in a big area of mud.
A little blond girl.
A naked little girl.
A naked little girl plays
A man rides a bicycle through an inner-city neighborhood.
A spray painted hand showing the peace side.
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike.
One man riding his bicycle.
A child riding a bike.
A female gymnast in midair.
woman performing at a gymnastics competition.
A young gymnast performs.
A gymnast is being judged.
A female gymnast.
A man in an orange visor crossing the street.
A man in a t-shirt crosses the street.
City street with ice cream vendor.
People walking down the street.
People on a street.
A man in a long gray gown and hat is standing with his hand on a mule.
Man clothed in a traditional dress like attire.
A man and his donkey stand along a sidewalk.
A man in an alley.
Older man stands by his donkey.
Two young children working together to operate a bicycle.
Two children attempt to use a bicycle
Two little girls ride a bike together.
Two children.
Two children are playing.
Two male soccer players in lime green uniforms.
Two men are playing soccer.
Two soccer players going head-to-head for a soccer ball.
Two men scrimmage in soccer.
Two soccer players.
A man with his arms outspread who looks like he is filled with ecstatic joy is jumping vigorously.
A man poses for a photographer.
A photographer taking a picture.
A man jumps.
A man posing for the camera.
A woman with a green shirt.
The girl is taking a drink.
A girl is drinking from a drinking fountain.
a girl takes a sip from the water fountain.
A girl drinking from a water fountain.
A man wearing a helmet.
A man wearing a white helmet.
Mountain climber.
The spelunker finds water.
A man in a helmet treads water.
A man in a laboratory coat looking into the lenses of a microscope.
A scientist intently looks through a microscope in a laboratory.
A man in a lab coat.
A scientist.
A man in a lab coat.
A young blond girl sleeps curled up on a brown couch.
A young girl naps.
A little girl in a sweater is laying down on a couch
A blond child.
A blond girl sleeps.
A man wearing a red t-shirt sweeps the sidewalk.
A man sweeps a sidewalk.
A person is sweeping off a sidewalk.
A shopkeeper sweeps the front of his store.
A man in a red shirt.
Three men of varying ages are working preparing something.
A group of workers are preparing batter for food.
This man is looking intently at the concoction.
Three Asian men.
Three men are cooking.
A man in a white hoodie.
A man on a scaffold in front of a house is smiling.
Under sunny skies, a worker helps.
a construction worker prepping for roof work.
A smiling man is holding a tool.
We see the backs of a young Asian girl with a green shirt holding hands with a young Asian girl with a striped pink shirt by the pool.
Two children standing at the edge of a pool are holding hands.
Two little girls in pink hats hold hands.
Two girls in shorts are holding hands.
Two little girls holding hands.
4 kids playing.
One young girl in a dress.
Four Asian kids sit on a bench and wave and smile to the camera.
A group of children.
Young children.
Seven children traveling along a dirt path in a rural setting.
A group of young children.
A group of kids on their bicycles smiling at the photographer.
Children ride bikes.
A group of kids playing on bicycles.
A little boy wearing a chef 's hat is working in a kitchen.
A young boy, wearing a chef's hat and apron, is cutting sausages.
Young boy wearing apron standing on step stool
A boy in an over-sized chef hat and apron, cutting sausages.
A young boy wearing a chef's hat and apron is slicing sausage.
An old man dressed as a clown.
A garishly dressed man is standing.
A clown.
Children petting an animal.
This is a clown at an elementary school.
A large , green , navigating wheel is held by an older man.
The smiling ship captain.
An older man in nautical gear turns a ship wheel.
Pictured is the captain of a boat.
A boat captain steering.
A man moves dirt.
A man in a black shirt uses a yellow bulldozer.
A man operating a large yellow bulldozer.
A yellow bulldozer working to move dirt.
A wheel loader picking up dirt.
A young woman is wearing a red shirt, black riding helmet, black pants, and black shoes.
A woman in a red shirt is riding an all white horse.
A woman is riding her horse over dirt ground.
A woman in a red shirt and black pants riding a white horse.
A person in a red shirt is riding a white horse.
A red-haired woman in a tank top.
A woman in a dark tank top and cuffed jeans is smiling while sitting on top of a large rock or boulder.
a woman sitting on a very large rock smiling.
A woman with black sunglasses is posing.
A woman reclines on top of a large rock.
The strangely dressed guys.
Three men wearing brightly colored costumes.
Three men are dressed in strange costumes.
Three men are dress up with some colors.
Three men are wearing costumes.
A small girl in a bathing suit.
A child jumping into an inflatable swimming pool.
A little girl plays in a blow up pool.
A girl plays in an inflatable pool.
A girl plays.
Two children.
Two children swinging.
Two children are swinging on a swing set.
A boy and a girl are swinging on a swing set.
A boy and a girl swinging in a park.
A man wearing a hat is showing a group of children how to throw a net.
A fisherman throws his net.
A man throws a net off of a boat.
A man.
A man casts net into water.
A young , male adult wearing blue jeans , a green reflective vest , work gloves and a hard hat stood between the rails of a railroad track.
A man wearing a gray shirt.
A person in a bright yellow vest and hard hat.
A worker in a yellow vest stands on train tracks.
A man in a vest.
Two men appear to be working construction.
Two construction workers are laying sheet metal.
Two construction workmen wearing hard hats.
Two men in hard hats working.
Men.
Four in bright clothes men are performing.
the band is getting ready for tonight 's show .
A rock band is performing.
There is a band on stage.
Four musicians perform on stage.
A shirtless man.
A guy performing a song shirtless with a tattoo of a safety pen on his body .
A punk looking gentleman with ear piercings, a mohawk, and tattoos.
A rocker.
Punk rocker playing the drums.
A woman with long brown hair wearing a white sleeveless shirt, a man with long brown hair wearing a green t-shirt, and another woman with black hair wearing a green dress are in the checkout line at a supermarket.
I see a man putting his items from the shopping cart.
Two hispanic women and one man unpack their cart.
Three people unloading their groceries.
Tattooed couple in green at the grocery checkout.
A man wearing a cowboy hat uses his cane to help him walk down a narrow road surrounded by tall grass.
A man wearing a black hat , white shirt , and black slacks.
A man with a cowboy hat walks down a country road.
An Amish man walks.
The man with the cane is on a walk.
A woman in a white top exercising on a piece of exercise equipment.
A woman wearing a white shirt works out on an elliptical machine.
An older lady uses a Stair Climber.
Woman on a fitness machine.
A woman exercises.
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders.
A bald man in a black shirt walks in the street.
A girl wearing a mask rides on a man 's shoulders.
A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders.
A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders.
Two girls are performing the same ballet move in front of decorations made from balloons.
Two women are standing on one foot in front of a window that states "Babys".
Two young ballerinas pose before a sign.
Two dancers practice ballet technique.
Two dancers practice.
A woman in a flowing blue robe with a white wave pattern is dancing.
A small group of women in traditional dark blue and white kimonos and sandals dancing.
Four Asian women performing a dance.
Several women are performing a dance.
Several people dancing.
An Asian man walking.
A bald man walking down a city sidewalk.
A man talks on a cellphone through an empty alley.
Chinese male on his cellphone.
A man walks down the alley.
A preschool teacher trying to explain something to her class.
A woman in orange performs with puppets.
A child dressed as a monkey walks in front of a woman.
A woman plays with finger puppets.
An adult performing a finger puppet show.
A group of people watch young men play the drums.
There are two street musicians.
A crowd of people on the street gathering.
Bare chested Black men play drums on makeshift paint buckets.
A crowd of people are watch two guys play buckets.
A child wearing rollerblades is skating down a paved path.
A young girl rollerblades.
A girl rollerblades.
A child rollerblades.
Young girl rollerblading.
A small white car is stuck on the track.
The people driving the tiny white car.
A man is observing a small white motor vehicle.
A small white car is on the train tracks
A blue train collides.
A singer with medium-short curly white hair is accompanied by a guitarist who has long white hair.
Two guys performing rock concert.
Two rockers are singing and playing.
Two old men play guitar and sing.
Two blond men on a dark stage.
A girl wearing a baseball cap is standing in a rock-bottomed, forest-lined mountain stream.
A young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river.
A young girl is stranded in front of a large rock.
A woman in blue shorts is walking near a large rock.
Person in white shirt and blue shorts in the water .
Two men are playing their guitars on stage.
Two men are playing guitars on stage in front of a crowd of onlookers.
Two guitarist are preparing for a show.
Two men playing guitar.
band doing a concert.
Couples are dancing in a courtyard.
A number of people are dancing.
A group of people dancing.
All couples are dancing.
A group of people dancing.
A woman is sitting on some stairs.
A woman is sitting on the steps.
Woman and dog selling her wares on the old building steps outside.
A woman sits in a market.
Woman in white dress.
Important political man in gray suit talks.
A woman and two men are having a discussion.
Two men and a woman standing in a circle.
Two men and a woman are having a conversation
Politicians are talking.
Several men are sitting on their motorcycles wearing a red shirt with a black vest and black hat.
Eight men on motorcycles dressed in red and black are lined up on the side of the street.
A group of men in matching red and black outfits ride in a line on their motorcycles.
A group of men in red and black jackets.
A row of bikers wearing red.
A soccer player is on the field with his arms out.
A guy dressed in a white uniform playing soccer.
A man wearing a number 3 jersey is about to kick a soccer ball.
A man with a number 3 soccer uniform kicking a soccer ball.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
A guy inside a sports arena wearing a yellow shirt is holding up a red bag.
A food vendor holds up a bag of snacks.
A vendor in a yellow shirt and black cap presents his wares at a baseball game.
A man is hawking refreshments.
A man is selling snacks at a sporting event.
Two males from the green team tackles the other members from black team.
Two teams.
Two rugby teams are engaged in a scrum.
Some guys are playing sports together.
Teams of men playing football.
Four dark-haired adolescent boys are playing soccer.
A member of the red team is pursued by 3 members of the blue team.
A young boy kicks a soccer ball.
Kids compete to gain possession of the soccer ball.
group of children playing soccer.
A young girl in a blue shirt is in a bowling alley.
A person in blue is the only person throwing their ball at a bowling alley.
A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair.
A woman in a blue shirt releasing a bowling ball.
A girl.
Soccer players dressed in bright blue and white uniforms jump.
Two young men playing soccer.
Soccer players in blue and white fight for the ball.
Several football players on a field.
Three boys are playing soccer.
Am upset young boy is sitting on a skateboard.
Young man sitting on a skateboard , holding a cellphone.
A boy in a gray striped shirt sitting on stairs.
A boy.
Boy sits on his skateboard.
A female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition.
A young woman.
A lady dressed in blue running a marathon.
A woman who is running.
Runner named Kim, running.
A group of men and women dressed is formal black dresses and suits holding their music books and singing.
This band.
A Choir wearing all black.
A group of young adults singing.
A choir of youths are singing.
A Texas A&M football player tries to reach an Iowa State football player, for the football during the game.
An offensive player running with a football.
A football player from Iowa State blocks a player from Texas A&M.
The Iowa State football player blocks a Texas A&M defenseman.
# 8 for Iowa State stiff arms a Texas AM player.
Two men with curling brushes are on an ice rink.
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path.
Men are playing on a hockey court.
Two sweepers work frantically.
Two men are learning to how to play curling.
A determined soccer player kicks the soccer ball away from the opposing player.
Man wearing teal jersey defending the soccer ball.
Two dirty guys playing soccer.
Men are playing soccer.
Men play soccer on a muddy field.
A basketball player from Penn State dribbles.
A basketball game showing Lafayette player number 32.
A basketball player in white
Men from Lafayette and Penn State.
The two college basketball teams are playing.
A busy street scene.
A busy street.
Men , women and children walking a street.
People walk through an arch.
Men and women are walking in the street.
Two race cars are driving side by side down a racetrack.
Two cars race each other.
Two cars are racing on a track.
Two Formula-1 cars race side by side.
Two race cars burn rubber.
A football player prepares to throw the ball.
A football quarterback dropping back.
A football player in a white jersey readies himself.
A football player in a white uniform is holding a football.
A football player wearing white and green.
A male child with blond-hair, green eyes, and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick.
A very young boy stares ahead.
A blond toddler is shown in closeup.
A young child has a popsicle stick.
Finishing a popsicle.
A mother in blue and child walk down a sidewalk.
A mom and her child walk down the street.
A woman and a little girl.
A woman and a child are walking down a street.
A woman and child are walking.
A hockey game with several players.
A hockey game is being played.
Two hockey players trying to score.
Four people playing hockey
Hockey match between teams.
multiple teenagers outdoors racing against each other.
Three kids are bouncing.
Spectators laugh.
Three woman bouncing on balls.
A race between friends.
An African-American boy wearing blue shorts is playing tennis.
Young man running towards a tennis court.
A kid in a black shirt on a tennis court running.
A young male is running.
A young black boy is playing tennis.
A man and woman, dressed in white, embrace each other.
An older man hugs a younger woman.
An old man with glasses.
A man and a woman.
The young lady is giving the old man a hug.
An older man who appears to be in his sixty's.
A man talking to a family unit.
Family.
Street magician showing an act.
A man is giving a magic presentation.
A very tired little boy 's taking advantage of bed setting in a department store.
A child resting on a bed at a furniture store.
A very young boy wearing a green long-sleeve shirt.
A very young boy in a green shirt.
Tired little boy.
A man is resting.
An extreme cyclist stops.
A cyclist checking his gear.
A man rest against his bicycle.
A man relaxing after riding his bike.
A woman smiles as she skis.
A young woman is smiling towards the camera as she attempts to pull herself up a hill.
A female skier holding two ski poles.
A woman is skying in a snowy area.
A smiling lady is skiing.
Several girls and one woman are working on a project .
Several ladies gathered around a table.
Four girls and a lady.
Four females are doing some crafts activity.
There are five people.
A man with a striped shirt is being thrown off a brown irate horse.
A man in a black and white striped shirt.
A rodeo scene with a big crowd watching three men being thrown from bucking broncos.
A man wearing black and white stripes.
A man at a rodeo.
A woman presents a bar code for a smartphone.
The gentleman is scanning the image.
A man with a beard checks his cellphone.
A man is photographing a piece of paper.
Three people drinking.
A woman with short red-hair is in some very cloudy water by a shoreline.
A lady with red-hair is submerged from the neck down.
A smiling young girl swimming in a lake or river.
A woman with red-hair.
Teen female enjoys swimming.
Two young boys sitting on a sunlit floor.
Two little boys are holding a tiny, black puppy.
Two young boys pose with a puppy.
Two little boys in polos.
Two children sitting with a black puppy.
Several children are practicing martial arts moves in a room.
Young children are performing karate moves.
There are several kids practicing in a taekwondo class.
Four children practice karate.
A karate instructor.
A man tired on a couch.
A man lounging on a couch.
A man lounging in a red sectional sofa.
A man lounges on a red sofa.
Laying on a couch.
A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people.
Several people are sitting at tables within a large classroom.
There are tables full of people with paperwork.
A group of people talking.
Students work together.
Two horse racing jockeys , one in checkered blue and red and the other in orange and brown , are racing.
A jockey with a red helmet is riding a white horse.
A jockey wearing a red and blue outfit is staring down a racetrack riding a gray horse.
A jockey riding his horse in a race.
Two jockeys on horses are racing.
A racing car rounds a corner.
Race car flies by.
Hatchback red car racing.
A red race car is rounding the corner.
The red car is ahead.
a large bull targets a man in a rodeo with his horns.
Two men are trying to rope in a bull.
A man is running towards another man.
A man being hit by a bull.
The bulls wins.
A man in swimming trunks walking down to his belongings.
A man in swimming trunks walking toward kayaks.
A man in a bathing suit stands near a yellow kayak.
A shirtless man walks toward a yellow kayak.
Man prepares to take a kayak ride.
A man with a gray jacket on.
A boy firing a gun.
A boy at a gun range aims.
A boy.
One boy
A team plays ball in the sand.
Two teams of boys playing football.
The team of men are playing a game.
A group of men.
Young men playing football.
Two boys , one wearing a blue shirt , the other wearing a muscle shirt , facing each other.
A child in blue and a child in white stand on a short concrete wall.
Two young boys stand on a low cement wall.
two young boys are socializing.
Two kids are standing next to a small pond.
Woman with yellow button up shirt is making beautiful pottery etchings into one of her works of art.
A young adult woman in a white shirt is working on a clay vase.
A woman in a yellow shirt.
A woman paints a brown vase.
A woman draws a floral design.
Several young black people.
People are walking down a busy street.
Africans walking down a crowded alley during the day.
A family is at a market.
African marketplace.
A baseball pitcher is halfway through his motion.
A baseball pitcher prepares to pitch.
A right-handed pitcher for the Saints is throwing a pitch.
A baseball player for the Saints.
A man throws a pitch.
Two guys are playing beach volleyball.
Two men are playing beach volleyball.
Two men are playing volleyball on a beach.
A man on the beach jumps
Two males play volleyball.
A man is cleaning his fishing nets after went for fishing.
A fisherman untangles his fishing nets in his blue boat.
A fisherman is handling a net.
A man stands on a blue boat.
A man is standing in a boat.
A surfer has just fallen off his surfboard.
A surfer who fell off his surfboard.
The feet are shown of a person.
Two feet and a surfboard emerging from a wave.
Only feet are visible.
An individual wearing blue latex gloves.
A person wearing blue rubber gloves is loading a syringe.
A syringe filled with vegetables.
Someone is filling a large syringe.
A technician preparing a sample.
Two soccer players on different teams.
Two football players compete for the ball.
Two men are jumping.
Soccer players are jumping in the air.
Two football players, jumping in attempt to win a header.
Two children playing soccer.
One soccer player in an orange uniform getting hit in the face.
A boy in a blue jersey kicks a soccer ball.
Two boys practicing passing a soccer ball.
Two boys play soccer.
A person wearing a red coat is holding a beige and plaid umbrella.
An elderly person is crossing a street.
A person with an umbrella is crossing a street.
Someone carrying an umbrella while crossing an intersection.
Old lady crossing street.
A crowd of people run a marathon.
Multiple people in running outfits are running.
A group of runners are running towards skyscrapers.
A large group of people
Many people run in a marathon.
A skateboarder rides the bowl of a skate park.
A skateboarder rides up a concrete wall.
A man with long hair is skateboarding.
A young man with long hair.
A long-haired male.
Someone is lunging for a soccer ball.
Two athletes playing a game of water Vally-ball.
There is a goalie in a swimming pool.
Two people are playing a water sport.
People playing a game.
A guy kisses another surprised looking man.
A man kissing another man.
A man gets a kiss on the cheek.
a guy give a kiss to a guy.
Two gay men.
A group of people surrounding a man.
Man with glasses and a red and black striped shirt.
A man in a striped polo.
A man signs an autograph in a young boy 's book
A father showing his son.
A man in a blue shirt rides a skateboard.
A young man in a blue shirt grinds a rail on a skateboard.
A man in a blue shirt and jeans grinds down a rail.
A man in a blue shirt
Man
A man sitting on railroad tracks eating something.
man sitting on a railroad track selling something.
Snack food is eaten.
An Asian man sits on the tracks.
A person sitting on train tracks.
A British gentleman, dressed in full military uniform, waving his hat.
A man in a red uniform is standing next to a crowd of people.
Man wearing red uniform holding a black hat in the air.
A uniformed man standing and cheering.
A British military man.
Indy car rounding a turn.
Two race cars are going down a racetrack bend.
Two cars are driving on a racetrack.
The cars are racing around the track.
Two cars are on a racetrack.
A man in a black , white , and red uniform is holding yellow ski poles.
A man in a black and white jersey is holding yellow ski poles.
A man wearing a blue and white uniform.
A skier prepares for a jump.
A smiling athlete in a black and red helmet.
Person in black shirt lying on top.
A girl and a boy in a park kissing.
Two people are laying down.
A young boy and girl.
A boy.
A very young child in a denim baseball cap eats an apple.
An infant wearing a hat.
A young boy in a blue hat and bib eating a green apple.
A toddler eats a green apple.
A young boy is eating an apple.
Two football players leap into the air.
Two defensive players jumping in the air.
Football players are celebrating.
The football players are running.
Four young football players.
three musicians on a stage.
A man wearing striped pants and a black and white checked hat plays an electric guitar.
A man in a black jacket and checkered hat wearing black and white striped pants plays an electric guitar on a stage.
A rock band.
A man dressed in black and white pants and a checked hat plays his red guitar while another man sings.
A bull rider in a white shirt.
A man is leaping through the air.
A man in white jumps away from a bull.
A man is leaping over a barrier.
A man jumping away from a bull.
The back of a blond woman with braided hair.
A woman in a blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.
The young lady is hitting her tennis ball.
She is hitting the tennis ball.
A tennis player strikes the ball.
A man in a white shirt and black pants is playing a large brown instrument.
Two older men with white shirts and black pants playing the cello.
Two upright bass players performing.
Two concert base players are playing.
A man is playing an interment.
A man in a construction supply area , wearing blue jeans and bluish gray t-shirt , caries a bundle of metal on his shoulder.
A man is carrying a large load of metal beams on his shoulder through a lumberyard.
A man.
A man is carrying metal beams.
A man carrying steel beams.
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree.
The woman wearing the pink jacket.
A seated woman with short hair throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch.
A woman is throwing a red Frisbee.
There is an outline of a male and female observing a bonfire.
Two figures are blacked out.
Two people are looking at a structure being burned down.
Two people , a male and a female , are watching a very large fire.
A silhouette of a man and woman stand in front of a wall of fire.
Two girls wearing pink have their hands in or near a fountain in a shopping complex.
Two girls dressed in different shades of pink.
A girl in a long pink jacket.
Two young girls dressed in pink reach into wishing fountain at mall.
Two girls dipping their hands in a fountain.
A topless boy with long hair who is drenched in water.
A child with shoulder-length brown hair is playing.
A wet , smiling child without a shirt.
A young boy with long hair.
A bare chested smiling child plays.
A martial artist wearing a white Gi is pinning another man in a blue Gi to the ground.
A judo player in white attempts to submit a judo player in blue.
A man in a white martial arts robe attempts to submit his opponent.
Two men are wrestling.
Two young men wrestling.
A woman dressed in a red bikini.
A woman in a red bikini jumping to hit a ball.
A woman in a serving motion plays beach volleyball.
A female beach volleyball player serving the ball.
A volleyball player hitting a ball.
A blond child is being bitten on the nose by a little orange kitten
An orange striped kitten.
Orange striped kitten biting blond girl.
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child.
A cat bites a human.
Woman standing in front of a large pot.
A woman , wearing a yellow apron , is taking the lid off.
An asian woman demonstrating cooking.
A woman is cooking.
Lady in a red shirt.
Two children walk over a stone bridge.
Two children in warm jackets stand on a stone bridge.
Two children in a meadow standing on a little rock bridge.
Two children cross a small brook.
kids playing on a rock.
Two women sit on a brown scooter.
Two African american females ride on a moped down a city street.
Two Black women in a brown motorcycle amidst many other motorcycles.
Two African American women are riding on a scooter.
Two women riding on a vespa.
A group of people are getting fountain drinks.
Several adults are filling their cups.
Two guys getting a drink.
Two boys in front of a soda machine.
people.
A mountain bike rider wearing a helmet.
Bicycle rider wearing black, riding down a dirt trail.
A bike rider appears.
A man rides his mountain bike.
A man is riding a bike.
A girl with orange hair and tattoos takes a picture of a painting.
A lady with tattoos is taking a picture of a painting.
A woman with body art.
A woman with a tattoo stands in front of a picture.
Girl with tattoos looking at a painting.
A woman cyclist wearing a white helmet , sunglasses , black long-sleeved shirt and black and pink biking shorts pedals straight toward the camera lens.
A woman in a mostly black outfit and white helmet riding a bike.
Female bicyclist wearing black and red bicycle shorts and top.
A woman rides her bike with her white helmet.
A woman in a cycling jersey rides a bicycle.
Five cyclists are riding one behind the other in a bicycle race.
A line of cyclists in identical clothing pedal on a curve.
A line of bicyclists in a race.
A team of cyclists.
Four bicyclists in turquoise.
Four football players in black are tackling the opposing team's player.
Three members of an opposing football team are tackling an opponent.
Football players tackle a member of the opposing team on a water drenched field.
A football player.
Young men playing football.
Young defensive football players executing a tackle.
Football players wearing blue jerseys tackle.
Two American football players in blue are tackling a football player.
A runner scrambles.
The ball carrier.
At a men's basketball game, number 55 tries desperately to prevent number ten from making a shot.
The basketball player in the white uniform is guarding the player in the black uniform.
A player either fielding a high pass or going up for a shot.
A basketball is in progress.
The basketball player tries to block an opposing player.
A man talking on his cellphone while holding a cigarette.
Man on cellphone walking in front of silver car.
A man is talking on his cellphone.
A man is talking on a cellphone.
Have a quick chat.
A man dressed in orange t-shirt is trying to hit a baseball.
Two people are playing baseball.
Professional baseball players during the All Star game watch .
A baseball player.
A player swings at a ball.
A young , active man wearing a full helmet turning a corner on his mountain bike .
A dirt biker with a helmet and black , white , and red shirt on.
A person in the woods on a muddy trail rounds a corner on a bike.
Dirt biker makes a turn in a forest.
A dirt biker.
A player in a white and red uniform goes for a layup.
3 basketball players vying for the ball .
four white guys playing basketball.
Two young men playing basketball.
Two young men.
A young boy
This is a young boy looking to be jumping on the trampoline.
A guy is jumping and grabbing his foot.
A boy grimaces as he jumps high in the air.
A boy grabs his leg.
Two children wearing striped sweaters tussle outdoors.
Two boys in black pants are in contact with each with a slide in the background.
Two young boys playing.
Two boys playing together.
Two young boys play.
A boy is pushing an object with a handle while wearing sunglasses.
A man is riding a scooter.
A man wearing sunglasses is riding a scooter.
A boy riding his scooter.
A man with sunglasses.
A young boy , dressed in a gray and blue baseball uniform.
A small boy wearing baseball regalia holds a bat.
The little boy lifts his leg.
A boy wearing a cubs uniform winds up to hit a ball.
A young boy about to hit a baseball.
six men are sitting or laying on a patch of earth.
A group of workers sitting in a field take a break.
A group of men are sitting in the farm fields.
Six men sit in a field of crops.
Pickers working out on a farm.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth.
A brown dog picks up a twig.
A puppy with big ears.
A brown puppy.
A puppy has a stick in its mouth.
A man in a yellow jacket with the number twelve on his back uses a rod to pull a horse.
A man in a yellow shirt is pulling on a rope.
A man wearing a yellow jacket is wrangling an out of control horse.
A male wearing a number 12 shirt is maintaining the horse steady.
A man dressed in yellow holding the reign of a brown horse.
An Asian man is cooking in a restaurant.
Gentleman business owner loves green aprons.
A man in a white shirt and apron cuts up a bird.
A man with an apron and hat cooking.
The chef.
There is lady with the white apron has an utensil standing over a wok.
A lady attired in an apron stands over a kettle.
Woman with white apron cooks food.
A hispanic woman is using a outdoors wok.
An Asian woman is cooking.
Marathon runners are racing.
Two women runners in athletic shorts.
Runners who are competing.
A girl in black clothes leads the way.
Runners in a race run down a busy street.
An oriental woman wearing a hat riding down the street on a bicycle.
An asian woman wearing a traditional hat.
Asian woman wearing a sunhat while riding a bike.
A woman wearing a hat is riding a bike.
A Asian woman riding a bike.
Young boys.
Some children are outside playing in the dirt.
A child watches another play in the dirt.
There are kids playing.
A child is watching his friend.
A man , who is wearing the tan coat.
An older man is playing a slot machine.
An older man is playing a video arcade game.
An old man playing a game.
Man playing slots.
A young girl
The baby.
A girl.
Little girl in arm floaties.
A child playing.
