A railroad work crew performs maintenance on railroad tracks .
A woman drawing a portrait on a white wall with trees in the background .
Two old men having a conversation .
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake .
An Asian woman is making a snow angel .
A young blond woman holds a white rope on a sunny day .
A group of young female musicians are wearing black skirts and blue shirts .
A man watches eagerly as his black dog leaps into the water .
A person outlined by the sun
A woman in a cap at a coffee shop .
Three people drinking and having a good time .
An overweight woman with long black hair in a pink shirt with a name tag is applying lipstick .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .
A high class woman kissing a man .
A group of people stand in the park of a city .
The spelunker finds water during his trek .
A man poses in an awkward position for a photographer laying on the ground .
Two adults and two children sitting on rocks for a picture
Two people , one with a white head covering , sit in the sand under a tree .
The dog is concerned with a purple object lying in an uncut field .
Woman wearing brown sandals and blue jeans , in a white shirt , holding a baby under a tall tree .
A little girl is running wearing boots and holding a shovel .
A group of 11 people in winter wear such as beanies , skiing jackets , gloves and backpacks are standing in snow paddles outside a house made of ice blocks while a person in front of the door seems to be leading them .
Two children climb a rock wall as two people watch carefully .
A man in orange working under dim lighting .
An Asian woman is talking on the phone outside of a hospital .
A football player from Iowa State blocks a player from Texas A&M from taking the football from him .
A man throws a net off of a boat while children watch .
Three hikers a traversing a trail as a young lady inspects her camera .
Harnessed Asian child lying on ground in front of stroller .
A man in glasses completes a task beside a monitor that is not on .
A young boy is quite excited in the throes of a ballgame .
A man is observing a small white motor vehicle perpendicular on the tracks against a large blue and gray train .
A sushi restaurant with a man cooking while in the background is a man and young boy sitting at a table .
A crowd forms on a busy street to watch a street performer .
3 guys ham it up in front of the camera .
A man lounges on a red sofa in a furniture showroom .
Six men outside are passing each other by while looking at each other .
A child is splashing in the water
Someone buying groceries at a grocery store .
Two men trying to build a fire .
Several groups of seniors eat food at different tables .
Two girls playing in mud in a small pool .
Two children in warm jackets stand on a stone bridge over a small stream .
A man in an electric scooter and bare feet is looking into a crowd of people .
Four people dressed for warm weather out on a street walking .
Several people are dressed in Indian clothes .
Two older people drinking coffee outside .
A man in a red shirt is smiling with food in front of him while seated at a table on an outside deck .
Several people are outside sitting on a long bench either working or resting .
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot .
A child leaping toward a red bed .
A man in a black jacket and pants stands in a strange green structure with his arms out .
A cat sits upon a business sign .
A woman walking past a wall of green and pink graffiti .
An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background .
Four different men sitting outside on cement steps in front of a building .
A woman in a white shirt stands behind a counter , in the kitchen of an empty restaurant with brick walls .
A man working on a machine .
A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat .
The basketball player in the white uniform with the number 55 on it is guarding the player in the black uniform with the number 10 on it .
A woman in orange performs with puppets while a little boy in a monkey costume walks by .
Man holds his face in his palm sitting on a bench .
an old woman selling fresh spices .
A black and white dog jumping over a steeple vault at a competition
A girl wearing a mask rides on a man 's shoulders through a crowded sidewalk .
A woman in a black shirt is sitting at a table getting ready to knit .
A woman is helping a child build using toys .
a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore of a small stream .
A child appears to be in a canoe wearing a life jacket on the lake , clear blue water and blue sky .
A woman in a mostly black outfit and white helmet riding a bike with blurred trees in the background .
A man is making balloon animals outside .
A baker lines up his pretzel racks as he prepares to board them on the back of the truck .
A young adult woman in a white shirt is working on a clay vase with white flowers on it .
A brown dog in running on grass .
A brown dog is carrying a toy in its mouth .
A black boy is sitting in the sand .
A male and female singing a song together outside .
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
A person in a yellow top and green shorts stands in a field by a soccer goal .
A young girl rollerblades , while protected by many pads and pillows .
The skier is on the snow .
A group of people , including a man on a bicycle , on the waterfront .
A man sings and plays the guitar into a microphone .
Men and women sitting and walking around picnic tables and having food .
A smiling lanky boy is only wearing white shorts while jumping into a natural pond .
A clerk in a convenience store asks a customer buying alcohol for his age and identification .
Four men leaning over a green fence and smiling .
A man in a white dress shirt and khaki pants is using an object to construct a sand sculpture .
A baseball pitcher is halfway through his motion of throwing the ball .
A bald man holds a fish in front of a lake while two blond young children stand near him while holding fishing poles .
A cowboy wrapping up his arm with a bandage .
An older gentleman , in a red plaid shirt and hunting cap , eats a piece of food from his bag .
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope .
A brown dog runs in the sand .
Two men are playing with tires in muddy water .
Oriental man practicing his karate moves by the ocean .
A surfer has just fallen off his surfboard and only his feet are visible above the water .
Family trying to be polite as street magician in trendy Merrell shoes approaches them .
Two people walk on the sidewalk past a brick building .
People standing outside of a building .
Two people painting a brick wall .
Two people are seated in striped outdoor chairs which are placed in a body of water and one man is holding a large fishing pole .
A man in a red shirt walking down a city street .
This woman is having some sort of dental procedure done .
A woman wearing a pink shirt and a name tag which reads " Amanda " applies lipstick to her upper lip , her mouth moderately open .
Number 3 at a soccer game is looking to see where to put the ball back into play from the sideline .
A garishly dressed man is standing in front of a group of children that are sitting down .
A student walking across campus .
A man clinks bottles with another person while smiling in a restaurant .
Three toddlers are running towards the camera in a grassy yard .
The man in the white t-shirt is starting to climb a rock .
A man wearing a white shirt is looking out a window of a metal construction .
White dog standing on rock in front of blue sky
The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall .
A volleyball player hitting a ball on the beach .
Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean .
Politicians are talking to each other .
Many youth are gathered in a computer lab working at computers while wearing headphones .
A man talking on his cellphone while holding a cigarette and wearing a blue shirt and navy blue jacket with a car in the background .
A man is presenting a certificate to three young sumo wrestlers .
A boy with his hands above his head stands on a cement pillar above the cobblestones .
Three Asian women are standing together smiling , the one with red-hair is holding up the peace sign with her fingers .
Woman reading letters in great window light .
A woman holding a white dog points at a brown dog in the grass .
Two kids are balancing on a log and holding a rope .
The man is dressed in all black and has a tattoo on his left arm .
A man looking in the mirror fixing his tie .
A boy in a helmet and red tracksuit poses on a motorbike .
Three people sitting outside under canopy that says Bar Gelati Tabacchi .
Children are eating food at a table .
A band is of four members including a woman and three men are playing their instruments with an open guitar case in front of them .
A female athlete performing a high jump during a competition in Barcelona in 2010 .
An Asian man makes faces for the camera .
A boy plays in the sand .
A man in a yellow coat is on a blue industrial crane working on the side of a tall building .
Two guys sitting on a car and horse with potatoes in the back .
4 kids playing , one in a red dress one in a pink shirt , one in a white shirt and a little boy with his arm through a green toy .
six men are sitting or laying on a patch of earth in a wooded area .
A man is holding a young woman around the waist inside a square of yellow crime scene tape .
A Thai Buddhist temple is the center of commerce , widely dominated by telephone wires and oncoming traffic .
A young child wearing a red hat and a tag " 513 " participant tag rides a horse .
Doe jumps over wood and wire fence
Man taking a photograph of a well dressed group of teens .
A family is playing on the beach with their dog .
A red-haired woman in a tank top and rolled up jeans sits atop a large rock in a wooded park , smiling at the camera .
Many people in a street protesting the use of coal in power plants .
Six people are sitting behind two kayaks .
Girl with shaved head walks on path beside building .
A girl jumping from one rock to another in a creek .
A boy is airborne on his skateboard above a set of rails in an industrial setting .
A young man with darker skin and a shaved head is sitting down smoking a cigarette .
A middle-aged man is sitting down and playing the accordion .
A young man with a blue checkered shirt is doing bike tricks on a half pipe .
A girl plays her guitar on a dark stage .
Two policemen standing in a parking lot .
A group of people are playing on an object .
Two women , one with a child on her shoulders , are walking against a wall along the side of a road .
The boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is holding a red baseball bat .
The baby walks on the gold and sandy-colored beach with water splashing behind him .
A brown dog possessively grabs a purple Frisbee in a field .
Several children are practicing martial arts moves in a room with a red floor .
Photo of a man sitting on a bench with a sign written in Spanish in background and the reflection of a lady walking from a mirrored wall .
There are musicians performing fro a small group of people .
A dear jumps the fence .
A woman wearing a hat is riding a bike .
Two men selling fruit at a fruit market .
A dog with a snub nose smells for something on a riverbank .
Two older men are having a discussion outdoors in an area with stone walls and floor .
Young Asian girl on mothers shoulders claps her hands .
Young boy in red hat riding a horse .
Men in cowboy hats stand around at a rodeo .
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
A young girl shows her friends how to use a disposable camera .
A man in a checked shirt is sitting at a table looking back at a group of people behind him .
Two individual climbing up a steep mountain .
Three Asian men in a kitchen cooking .
Two black dogs , a black puppy , and a white dog in the snow .
Two women , one in blue and one in red speed skating on a basketball court .
Man in illuminate jacket with headphones on looking .
Three people sit at a table in front of an establishment displaying the words Bar Gleati Tabacchi .
A team in white and gold on the sidelines of a football field .
A woman on a boat named " El Corazon " drops black weights into the water .
People stand in a warehouse .
Man in white shirts and khaki pants rests head in hand .
A guy with a red shirt walking .
Older man stands by his donkey .
Two women in military uniform are standing with other soldiers in formation .
A lady in a striped shirt is shopping at a fish market .
A long-haired skateboarder is about to exit a clean nosegrind on a public handrail , unaware of his surroundings while ignoring the negative public perception of skateboarders .
There is a bunch of tourists standing around on the grass and looking at some old ruins .
A man is lathered up and ready for a shave at a barber shop .
Woman talking to friend while walking dog outside on a sunny day .
A young girl in a pink shirt is on a beach running toward the ocean .
A cowboy with a white hat tying a bull .
A guy with headphones DJing at a party .
White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage , sky in background .
People sitting at tables at some sort of festival .
Two brown dogs are running through the snow .
A woman holds sticks attached to large striped banners , causing one to launch its banner in a wide loop through the air .
A brown dog runs down the sandy beach .
A man is hawking refreshments at a sports game .
Parked cars with a school bus behind them .
A man in jeans at the beach playing with a red ball .
A child wearing a red coat and cap is holding a large chunk of snow .
A man in an orange jersey with the letter " 12 " on it plays football .
A person in red rides a motorcycle while carrying several items , including a plant .
A child is laying on the ground next to a stroller .
# 8 for Iowa State stiff arms a Texas AM player attempting to tackle him .
Two construction workers have a discussion while on the work site .
Three men are cheering in kitchen .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
A band on stage performing in front of a crowd .
Volleyball players compete on a sunny day at the beach .
A police officer standing on a train .
Two workers and clearing a busy street of snow .
Three young sumo wrestler students stand at attention at an award ceremony in front of a man at the microphone .
Two men are sitting in white chairs next to a blue door .
A young girl in a purple dress throws a tantrum .
A man demonstrates how to ride a bicycle with only the back wheel on the ground .
A crowd is assembled in a street .
And older man is playing a slot machine at a casino type environment .
Four men jumping in a basketball game
A man with gray hair and a bear sits in a chair on the street with a guitar by his side .
Two guys performing rock concert , one has short blond-hair who is singing , and the second has long blond-hair and is jamming out on his guitar .
A woman who is running , with blue shorts .
A kid in a black shirt on a tennis court running with a dark green background .
The children are playing a game of checkers .
Woman doing yoga on a beach .
A woman and a dog sit on a white bench near a beach .
Two people on motorbikes are riding past construction .
Two middle-aged men are jumping for joy on a beautiful beach surrounded by rocks .
People are admiring a work of art .
A man harvests a field of fresh corn .
A man and a child are at the water 's edge .
Police officer whistles while he works
A young black man walks down a street with a stray dog on it .
A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo .
Two women are sitting at a table .
A man in a green t-shirts holds his sneakers while walking alone down a beach .
A young girl with curly blond-hair and wearing a white top lies in the grass , holding a flower stem .
Three firefighters , the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand .
A dog chases another by a tree .
Six People riding bikes on a trail in the forest .
A man in a plaid shirt shows off a black set of gloves .
Two people are riding a motorcycle along with many other riders .
Asian people sitting at a restaurant with yellow chairs .
Two black and one white dog interacting in the grass .
A man in a red outfit balances on a bike .
A policeman stands in front of an SUV .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .
A person with a purple head covering and purple shirt is standing outside a restaurant .
Woman standing barefoot near a small hut and filling a jug with liquid .
Three men in striped shirts carry flags .
Spelunkers pose inside a rock cavern while bathed in sunlight from the surface .
Two guys and a girl walking together in a busy street .
Marathon runners are racing on a city street , with other people standing around .
Three men are standing on a stage , one is wearing clown makeup and holding a guitar .
A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp
A group of people get set to go fishing .
Race car flies by , in the lead of the pack , closely followed by second and third places !
A woman in an all black outfit holds her glasses while she stands in the street in front of a sandwich board advertising menu items .
Two blond women in " I love beer " shirts walk outside .
A man plays with a ball at the beach .
People look on as participants in a marathon pass by .
One man holds another man 's head down and prepares to punch him in the face .
A woman is doing flips on a trampoline in front of a lake .
A group of men sits around a table .
Three girls wearing goggles are jumping into a swimming pool together .
A young brunette woman eating and drinking something .
A view of a pedestrian thoroughfare , featuring a man in a black apron and a white baseball cap standing in the middle of the image .
Three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .
The tennis player holds his racket in preparation for the ball .
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
There 's a young lady in the beach doing yoga .
Children are playing tug-of-war .
A group of kids with an adult in the background coaching them while they are pulling on a green rope .
A police officer on a motorcycle sitting at a traffic light to turn left .
This man plays music while someone 's belongings hang from a nearby tree .
A young woman sweeping with a straw broom .
Two men are having a discussion after a wedding .
A man in long pants does a handstand on a large , circular object in the evening .
a restaurant cook getting ready to prepare a chicken to cook
People sit in an Asian restaurant .
Two blond women sit outside as people walk by wearing casual clothing and some wearing bookbags .
Outside a building , a uniformed security guard looks at the camera from behind a fence .
A woman with long brown hair wearing a white sleeveless shirt , a man with long brown hair wearing a green t-shirt and tattoos on his arms , and another woman with black hair wearing a green dress , also with tattoos , are in the checkout line at a supermarket .
A worker in a yellow suit and red hat is working high above the city .
A little boy is running excitedly in a mountainous area .
Children play on a jungle gym .
A white man is cooking in a home kitchen while another white man and a black man watch .
An Asian family travels in a motorized car on a busy street in a city .
Middle-aged Asian woman working in a plant giving the universal sign for peace .
Three construction workers stand at the front of a large group of people all wearing white shirts .
Man wearing red uniform holding a black hat in the air with his right hand .
A well-dressed man plays a grand piano during an art exhibit .
A man stands on boards on top of a huge ladder .
Three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field , while another player and an adult stand in the background .
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair .
A woman in a white blouse is working in a restaurant .
A black dog looks up at a white ball that 's in midair .
A group of people playing on a beach .
Woman on four way seesaw with 2 kids .
A boy with white shorts on leaping into a pong , foliage in the background highlights his skin tone .
A four wheel drive vehicle is driving on a dirt track .
An old man dressed as a clown leans down in front of a group of seated children and allows a girl to pet a small animal .
A woman holds her little white dog and points to a big brown dog at the bottom of the hill .
A long-haired , male musician is playing on a piano .
A child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled .
Two boys , one wearing a blue shirt , the other wearing a muscle shirt , facing each other on a brick wall , next to a culvert .
A man moves dirt using a large construction vehicle .
A young boy is holding a tennis racket .
A child stands outside with a crowd of adults in white .
A black dress mannequin , with a wooden leg stand , positioned next to a suitcase , and a female dressed in a gray sweater and black pants , reading a newspaper , in a crowded city square .
As he lays in the grass , he plucks a spent dandelion , and makes a wish as he blows the little pinwheels into the air .
Graffiti with saying CRAZI with bright green and pink with women in a red skirt walking by .
A yellow bulldozer working to move dirt .
Three dogs are playing with a yellow ball in a grassy field .
A kitchen staff is preparing food .
Several people are sitting at tables within a large classroom having a discussion .
a football player wearing an orange jersey holding a football
An asian long-haired man wearing a yellow hat & long-sleeved shirt talking on a microphone
a street full of citizens holding umbrellas
A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore .
A cowboy is roping a steer while riding a horse .
Two woman wearing similar shirts walk to the left .
People riding bikes in a town while traffic goes by over the water .
A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water .
A man in glasses and an Asian woman are seated across from each other in a subway train .
A man in sunglasses with a brown coat is smoking a cigarette and scratches his nose as patrons purchase items from a street stand .
Two children , a girl and a boy , are swinging on a swing set .
A man dressed in all black is wearing shades and standing in snow and there is a red vehicle in back of him .
A group of adults and children are riding on a train ride .
A girl straddles a bike rack on a city street .
Young dirt bikers try to get a dirt bike up a sandy hill .
A police woman smiling and wearing sunglasses and a hat .
A woman is standing in a bikini serving a man a drink .
An african American police officer and woman stand at the front of a bus .
The tennis player in the orange shirt is airborne whilst swinging his racquet .
Children playing checkers .
A woman in a striped outfit on a bike .
A girl in a gray shirt and brown hair relaxes on the lawn as dogs bound around her .
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy .
A young girl is sitting backwards on a chair , looking over the back of it .
a man turning to have his picture taken , as his 3 friends continue walking away
A woman in a purple shirt and a woman wearing a hard hat are attached by harnesses to a pole .
A group of basketball players wearing yellow and green reach for a ball .
An elderly person in a wheelchair next to a girl sitting on a bench .
A football player being tackled on a rainy day .
A light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .
Two African American women without helmets are riding on a scooter , the passenger is waving to the camera .
A Asian woman riding a bike .
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A girl with a striped shirt is sitting on a bicycle .
A dirty tan dog rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera .
A woman midair vaulting over a bar .
A blond girl sleeps on a brown couch .
a young man wearing a gray and black shirt and a white headband
A young man wearing a blue jacket is turning his head .
Four dogs in blue , green , red and black jerseys are racing .
A couple is sitting on the sand with their feet in the water , and they are shaking hands .
A female barista dressed in black is making coffee behind a counter .
An Asian woman is selling colorful fabrics .
Two dogs are biting each other in the woods .
Two men are discussing something .
Two men are climbing up a steep rock face with moss growing out of it .
A dog getting a ball in the snow
Man wearing teal jersey defending the soccer ball in the midst of soccer game on a rainy day .
A lady with tattoos is taking a picture of a painting with her smartphone .
A string quartet dazzles their audience .
Two men wearing hats .
A worker in an orange vest is using a shovel .
A group of people dancing and a couple engaging in a kiss .
A woman is at the beginning stage of knitting something amazing in a room filled with other knitters .
Two dancers are performing within a caution-tape boundary .
Two men standing in front of the bean in Chicago .
A woman smiling at a baby .
soccer players stand on the field .
A male volleyball player in red trunks tries to block the shot of the opposing player during a professional volleyball game .
An Asian man walking down an alley talking on his cellphone with brightly colored fabric behind him .
A pretty woman plays a harpsichord .
Guitar player performs at a nightclub red guitar .
People walking down the street with a street vendor .
A young man climbs a rocky hill .
A navy walking wearing a black coat and pants on the stairs as camera focuses on the dog
Young woman in market talking on cellphone .
A young boy , playing soccer , is wearing a green jersey and black shorts and has his face buried in his hands .
A boy is playing checkers with an adult shown off-screen while a girl looks on .
Two formally dressed , bald older women
A group of people gather on a outdoor patio .
A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks .
two people eating with an onlooking greyhound dog .
Two young women discuss something while waiting .
A rock concert is taking place .
A well-dressed man climbing between two columns while holding torches .
One large Caucasian woman is knitting at a table .
Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field .
A little boy with a black jacket and black jeans on is holding up a blue brochure for the camera .
A group of people are walking down a road .
A woman is completing a picture of a young woman .
A young boy is leaping off a pier into the water , his leg thrust out .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing at a park .
a white man is splitting wood indoors
Two little girls sitting on the edge of a street eating corn on the cob .
A young man rides a skateboard down a town road with a yellow railing behind him .
A group of students sit and listen to the speaker .
Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks .
A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park .
People filling a large black container with water .
a man with a rolling stones t-shirt on with beige pants sitting in a highchair adjusting a black guitar
A person is riding their motorcycle and are shown as the motorcycle jumps into the air .
The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake .
Man on the beach is throwing a red ball .
A man and a woman holding two young boys are sitting on a park bench , posing for a photograph .
Three men are working on a roof .
A woman in a hat waits to be served at a store .
Basketball players shoot for a goal during a game .
Two dogs are playing together with their mouths open .
A person wearing glasses is prepped for some kind of dental work .
A man and a woman standing on a street corner .
The children are looking upward while waving their arms .
Two nuns stand talking to a person .
A child sitting at a restaurant table holding a paper mask against his face .
A couple with sunglasses are laying on the beach .
A busy square somewhere in asia .
People marching on the grass in yellow shirts carrying drums
A surfer riding under a wave .
Two men are standing on the street talking while another walks by .
Two young boys playing in a dirt top playground .
A couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
Dog in foreground with three people in background .
A small child is laughing and playing while lying on her back on a gray rug .
A young boy on a Texas soccer team is playing soccer .
Two men scrimmage in soccer , as a referee looks on .
A man in sunglasses is eating something while he has a girl on his lap .
Observers and Players watch a batting from a batter at a game .
A man wearing black and white stripes is trying to stop a horse .
A few people sit in benches along a tree-lined avenue next to a parking lot .
A karate instructor observes his students .
People are gathered in a park .
a tennis player in a green striped shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth .
A girl in a long pink jacket reaching into a pool of water filled with change .
A man fixing a little girl 's bicycle .
Boy in sunglasses is running behind a fair .
A man is throwing a big stick into the water so his two dogs and go fetch it .
Two dogs are nuzzling each other nose to nose .
The children are getting off the bus .
A man in a blue jacket is taking a picture of a church .
Two boys hanging off a tire dock .
Two male soccer players in lime green uniforms passing the ball to each other .
a skateboarder is riding his board along the boundary stone of a parking lot .
A man at a rodeo who may have fell off the horse .
A young boy or girl wearing a red jacket with fur and a blue hat is looking down .
A boy with a winged bug perched on his nose .
A man is grilling out in his backyard .
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain .
A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water .
One African American woman working in a field with a baby in a sling .
A group of village women gathered in dance
A cat sits atop a sign looking down at the people below .
A young woman in a red sweater and jeans sits on the ledge of a red gazebo on a sunny day .
A horse bucks it 's rider at a rodeo .
A BMX racer is riding his bike in full gear , with another racer in the background .
An older lady in a green sweater picks out vegetables .
white bird sitting in water spreading its wings
Two men sit talking near a stone building .
Two workers wearing bright protective overcoats , shovel snow out of the way of passing residents .
A group of children play together in a fenced yard as an adult watches .
Two gay men in a room kissing .
Construction signs and lights help those in traffic find the correct detour .
A person with a backpack stands on a rocky bank beside a body of water .
A few men are playing some sort of game on what appears to be a hockey court .
Africans walking down a crowded alley during the day .
Two guys in front of a souvenir shop , with one guy in a red scarf talking on the phone .
People playing instruments at a train station .
An Asian man in a black shirt making a fighting pose
A woman in a purple bikini sunbathes on a towel beside water .
A young girl fully dresses running on the beach towards the water .
One young girl in a dress , and three young children leaning against a wall .
Two cars are on a racetrack .
Young man running towards a tennis court while another is waiting in the other side of the net .
A young boy in a red hat rides on a horse .
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence .
The dog walking through the snow is licking his nose .
A man with a messenger bag stands on a busy street corner .
A man dressed in a checkered shirt and black pants performs an aerial stunt on a bicycle .
A young lady in white holding a tennis racket
A girl with brown hair sitting on a lawn chair .
A man with a number 3 soccer uniform kicking a soccer ball .
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .
A fisherman untangles his fishing nets in his blue boat as it sits on the water .
Two women wearing colorful skirts and t-shirts are dancing in a dirt clearing in the center of a circle of other women , who are clapping .
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
A young child walks down a gravel path lined with a row of red outdoor chairs .
A girl plays in a small pool .
A person sitting on a ledge using a machine to look out over the city .
A man and three women with backpacks , sitting on a mountain .
A group of snowmobile riders gather in the snow .
A man in a red shirt sweeping the sidewalk .
Two gardeners are pruning a stretch of leafy plants .
A woman in a flowing blue robe with a white wave pattern is dancing in front of a large brick building with other dancers similarly attired in the background .
Two people are running along side a building .
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it .
A picture of two little boys holding books .
A man sitting in the grass as a ball flies by .
A man is leaping through the air escaping the arena containing a bull .
A woman wearing a pink sweater and eyeglasses is wiping a wooden table with a pink sponge .
Women grinding grain on stone with guinea pig in background .
The woman is blowing the pods off a flower in a green field .
People at a rodeo are watching a cowboy getting thrown from the bull .
For people in black pants and white martial arts shirts with belts hold a pose with both arms raised while three casually dressed me look on from a door on the left .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
Man hitting a nail into a tree log .
A man plays a guitar while singing into a microphone .
Four police officers are swallowed up by the large crowd of people on the street .
Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall .
Lady with glasses sitting and smiling .
A male in a suit holding a beverage in a cup walking down the sidewalk , next to a city bus .
A little girl is jumping in a green landscape .
A man in an orange shirt and a blond boy are riding with other people on a " Pullman " vehicle .
The African American man protests against unlawful sex .
A sumo wrestler accepting an award .
The child is running through a puddle in a street .
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle .
An employee takes a break from working to have a drink
A man is helping a little boy learn how to ride a bicycle .
Two children walk over a stone bridge in the country to meet their parent .
A man in a martial arts outfit with a blue belt is practicing martial arts .
A guy kisses another surprised looking man on the ear .
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
A family walks through a park .
Two boxers playfully snap at each other .
A child in a red hat is riding a horse .
Two workers weld the bars of a fence near a busy suburban street .
It looks like a man practicing his martial arts moves near some muddy looking water .
a man looking for something in a shopping bag .
A female performer singing with her band .
Three people playing pool and one is thinking of his next shot .
People sit inside a train .
A woman blowing on a dandelion .
The little black and white dog is in the snow with a red ball .
A group of people standing in a lake .
Someone looking at a mass of people in the street .
A man and woman wait to cross a busy street in the city .
Two law enforcement officers standing near one another with an open air market in the background .
A woman in white marriage dress poses with Flowers in her hand
An elderly man tossing a red rubber ball on the beach .
Four horses with cowboy riders running near a fifth horse that has no rider .
a young man is skateboarding down the side of a road .
Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella .
Young man in a headband with other young people in background .
A group of three people climb a path of wooden stairs up a rocky hill .
A baby is laughing and laying on the floor .
Several people with different costumes are gathered together at a Halloween party .
A guy in a white shirt is walking with a drink in his hand .
A woman with pink hair on a street corner holds two dogs that have been dyed pink .
A man with short dreads , and solemn expression , playing guitar .
Two young men , one in a white jersey and one in a red jersey , playing basketball .
Two kids are standing next to a small pond .
An elderly man dressed in a red and blue plaid shirt and brown camouflage cap is watching an event while eating a snack from a plastic bag on his lap .
At an outdoor market , a small group of people stoop to buy potatoes from a street vendor , who has his goods laid out on the ground .
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head .
People are sitting at tables .
Three dogs wrestle in the grass .
A little girl with a flower on her swimsuit stands on a lake-beach while others frolic in the background .
A girl is playing in the fountain fully clothed .
A man is sitting playing guitar .
A woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis with a blue racket .
A woman eating in the grass on a beautiful day .
A woman is throwing a red Frisbee toward a brown dog .
A woman in a white tank top is holding a microphone and singing with a man in a brown shirt , who is also holding a microphone .
Young man with cap and buttoned coat stands before building .
A syringe filled with vegetables is being compressed into a liquid .
A city street filled with people , a person dressed as Santa Clause , and a guy with a bullhorn .
A smiling woman playing the harp .
A man on a rocky beach , wearing a black bathing suit , staring at the water .
A busy street filled with random people underneath a bridge .
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball .
A black man stands behind a garbage can with his hand raised in front of a sign urging people to repent of various sins as boy in a school blazer holds the hand of a man in shorts .
Three people are sitting at a counter using laptop computers .
A man with a blue jacket photographing a large building .
A man smiling with a helmet on his head .
Construction worker in orange vest and white hard hat with a shovel .
a woman sweeps the foundation of a house .
Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field .
A determined soccer player kicks the soccer ball away from the opposing player , near a goal post , while the opposing player stays focused on the ball .
A baseball player swinging at a ball while fans and the other team watch .
Different kind of people roaming around in a public market
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal .
A man wearing a number 3 jersey is about to kick a soccer ball .
Three gray dogs jump at a woman .
Two girls dipping their hands in a fountain as people walk by .
The soldier looks out the window as he sits with his legs crossed .
Vehicles on a street next to structures that appear to be East Indian in design .
A female performer with a violin plays on a street while a woman with a blue guitar looks on .
An Asian man is cooking in a restaurant with several large pieces of roasted meat hanging in the background .
Two men are riding a large wagon pulled by a donkey .
A few oriental people with their clothing attire on in reds , greens , and golds standing on steps .
Cowboy at a rodeo riding a horse .
A balding man is cooking some meat on a stick .
A woman holds a drink while a man and a woman examine a book .
A man is describing stuff using chalk on a chalkboard .
The two dogs , one with a tennis ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
A young woman with dark hair and a slight smile receives a check on behalf of Kids ' Food Basket for $ 37,000 .
Three men , one on a ladder , work on a roof .
A silhouette of a man and woman stand in front of a wall of fire .
Two males seem to be conversing while standing in front of a truck 's back , and behind a metal item , while four people stand around them .
A race between friends at the park .
A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van .
A dog running though a grassy field .
A group of people in semi-formal attire meet outside .
People walking down the street in a city .
A puppy with blue eyes runs , an older dog with blue eyes stands behind .
A redheaded man with a beard and glasses is playing the guitar .
Several workers wearing hard hats dig a hole .
A young Asian man is jumping in the air , striking a martial arts pose .
A man is walking down the street next to a colorful wall .
Two small children sitting on a bench while eating ice cream .
Elderly woman with green sweater picking out produce in outdoor market .
Two boys in front of a soda machine .
Two people smile while sitting on chairs in a yard .
A child with long hair wearing a pink shirt is looking through a tourist telescope near a beach .
Appears to be an African tribe or family posing for a picture in the grasslands with a dog in the corner .
These people are climbing the steps to go the mountain
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn .
Bald , older man sits in gray stone area with bags , clapping hands .
A man is sitting down with black gloves on his hands .
A group of people sit outside under a white shade tent , sitting in green lawn chairs , playing instruments with a view of a body of water behind them .
A child holds its arm up and laughs .
two girls wearing an army uniform .
A man with a red bandanna over his face looks on as police stand in the background wearing riot gear .
A black man and his two white friends are putting their heads close together .
A man in a sleeveless brown shirt and khaki shorts sews on a piece of cloth covering a ramshackle shade structure .
A surfer tries to stay moving on his white surfboard .
Two children are in a grassy area near two horses .
The woman stands outdoors in front of the sun .
Three people are outside walking up a set of wooden stairs .
Three men tackle someone from the opposite team .
People are sitting on benches in a plaza .
A boy in white shorts is jumping into a lake or river .
A young boy wearing a blue hat is looking through a telescope while another boy watches .
A young man who is running as part of a competition team .
A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles .
Several people stopped by the side of the road are watching what is happening in the woods .
A child jumping on a tennis court .
A man in a yellow shirt and wearing the number 12 is pulling on a rope that is tied to the front of a horse .
A brunette man playing rugby .
A girl walking past some graffiti on a brick wall .
A boy in a black shirt and red wristbands hanging upside down while other people look on .
A man is loading a box truck with lots of baked pretzels .
Woman wearing maroon sweater carrying guitar in the woods
A man in a black shirt is standing in line with his luggage .
A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street .
A man in a green jacket working on a car .
A man in a red shirt is about to eat a taco .
Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn .
The girl is in a coffee shop and listening to music .
A woman smiles as she skis , wearing a white winter hat , a white coat , and a blue hoodie , while snow is in the background .
A dog jumping over a stream of water .
A young man with a denim jacket and writing on his hand smiles in front of a bookcase full of videos .
A man has his face in his hand and is sitting on a bench .
A guy works on a building .
Woman with a surprised face in front of a Vitamin Shoppe
A red-haired young man drinks from a water fountain shaped like a woman .
The two dogs are running into the woods .
A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill overlooking a range .
A chef cooking at a hibachi grill .
A person surfing through a crashing wave in the ocean .
A man in brown building a raft .
Man eats while holding a baby
Latin woman shows off homemade pizza in kitchen .
A woman in a white shirt working on her laptop .
A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field .
Two figures , a male and a female , are blacked out and standing in front of a building on fire .
A road next to an interesting place with lots of pillars .
A man gives a speech at an ornate costume party .
a black and white cat looking at a baby .
A man wearing blue coveralls is handing a tool to another person .
A woman and a man at a crosswalk in nyc .
Eight men play instruments on stage , with a guitarist highlighted in lights .
Two people , dressed in red , dancing .
A brown dog wades into a lake to retrieve a stick .
An Asian factory worker posing for the camera .
Two man sit and chat on a stone lanai surrounded by plants .
A young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock .
A girl in white and a girl in green walk past a blue car wash station .
A truck driving along a beach near a flock of seagulls .
A gloved hand holds what appears to be an oversize nail against a log .
What is this ecstatic child running towards ?
A man in a straw hat and white shirt at an outdoor art gallery
Man with duffel bag sitting on a concrete curb .
This man holds a fish while two little girls stand to either side of him .
Two football players , jumping in attempt to win a header .
An asian woman demonstrating cooking with margarine in a public place
A young woman dressed up gothic lolita style for a convention event .
Several birds flying in front of trees .
Two men in hats pose together .
A guy with a backpack and orange bag walks past a large building .
A hispanic woman is using a outdoors wok to cook .
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match .
A woman with pink hair square next to her pink dogs to take a picture .
A small dog leaps over a stream .
A boy is leaning up against a car adorned with flowers .
A person wearing a hooded jacket and blue jeans stands facing a shop with the sign " Feelings " on it .
Two men and a woman are walking down a city street .
A large group of kids sitting on the floor listening to a lady in a blue dress .
People are driving scooters down the street at night .
A woman carrying a guitar is walking .
A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride 's veil .
A man seated on a platform with wheels is being pulled by a burrow .
Runners in a race run down a busy street
Pit crew working on a race car .
Two ladies play the violin and the guitar on the street to entertain the passer byes .
A woman and three children are jumping into a swimming pool .
Professional baseball players during the All Star game watch an opponent at bat .
A guy who got out of his car with trees around .
A lady is lying in the snow making a snow angel .
Two children climb an indoor rock walk as two other children are on belay .
A blond-haired woman is pouring drinks at a bar .
A woman on a large floor twirling ribbons and she is wearing a uniform .
A woman is processing plant fluid in a tribal village
A little girl plays in a blow up pool .
Two people stand at the peak of a mountain .
Woman on a fitness machine in an untidy house .
A man in a gray shirt smoking a cigarette and getting something to eat .
Several men standing around an antique race car
A little girl wearing pink is running along a beach towards the water .
A newspaper salesman in a blue shirt reads a paper at his stall .
A group of men in red and black jackets waits on motorcycles .
3 kids and one female are playing with blocks in a room .
Man in black pants and vest balances between to pillars , holding two flaming torches in his right hand .
A bunch of people walking inside a shopping center .
A person holding a fishing pole next to the water .
A woman holds a young boy who has a wooden spoon in his mouth .
A reddish brown dog walking in water carrying a stick in his mouth .
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs .
Young boy running in the dirt with a small handheld shovel .
A woman playing a harp .
A blond boy wearing a blue shirt and yellow shorts king a soccer ball .
People are walking on the front grounds of a large building .
A man on a scaffold in front of a house is smiling and posing for the photographer .
a construction worker is frowning with a yellow vest
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .
An old woman working at a loom making cloth .
Three people at with their backs to the camera at an internet bar .
The yellow dog is carrying a stick by water .
Dogs with muzzles are racing around a sandy track .
A female soccer player in a yellow uniform in a soccer field .
The woman with the blue shirt is holding a baby .
The brown dog is running across the sand .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses sit halfway in the water .
A woman in a tan suit and red shirt speaks into microphones at a podium .
Three people are hiking down a long gravel trail with scenic green hills behind them .
A child in blue and a child in white stand on a short concrete wall by a stream .
A smiling woman holding a smiling child .
Two people canoe down a river at the time of a beautiful sunset .
A woman wearing jeans and a blue shirt is standing next to a street post and is holding a white bag .
People are fixing the roof of a house .
A man in a pink shirt is sitting in the grass and a ball is in the air .
A street musician playing .
Some plants are growing near the window .
Two young men getting ready to move fruit on their bike .
A man in a long gray gown and hat is standing with his hand on a mule that is wearing blankets and decorations on a stone street outside of a building , with a number of other people in the background .
Two guys getting a drink at a store counter .
In this photo , two young boys are socializing by a pond .
A young girl plays at a large sand box , while a woman sits and chats on a cellphone .
A group of people are sitting in a restaurant with orange chairs .
A man rides some people on a street cart in traffic .
Two people consult a map on the interior of a traffic circle .
An Asian woman selling silk scarfs , bags , and wallets .
An aging man in a green and orange palm tree shirt and straw hat holds a red drum and a drumstick .
A woman acts out a dramatic scene in public behind yellow caution tape .
A woman in a pink parka with a yellow striped bag sits alone on a bench near a Coca-Cola vending machine .
A young child wearing an orange life vest holding an oar paddling a blue kayak in a body of water .
Three little children in a grassy yard running towards the camera .
Little kids are playing a game of tug-of-war .
A crowd of people run a marathon in a cityscape with two skyscrapers in the background .
Asian people ride their bikes in the street .
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .
A very young girl is holding food while sitting in a highchair .
A light brown dog is chasing after a ball .
A man in a striped shirt makes a blue balloon animal .
Man running wearing a blue shirt with a number taped to it .
A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside .
A little boy is standing above a structure and watching the other boys play a game .
A group of people watching a performer on a sidewalk .
The two kids are playing at the playground .
The doctors are involved in an operation .
A toddler grasping the handle of a tool to stir food in a bowl along with another person whose arms are seen holding the bowl and tool .
A Young African American boy wearing a blue baseball cap gazes through a telescope intently while another young boy waits behind him .
A dog jumping over high jump poles at show .
A man wearing an orange suit with his face painted white is holding a guitar above his shoulder .
A dog running down a hill .
a girl takes a sip from the water fountain .
A yellow dog anticipates a ball .
A picture of five people at a bar with a closeup on the beer taps .
One young football player in a white jersey being tackled by another player in a blue jersey from the opposing team whose teammate is coming to assist him .
Three boys all wearing green shirts are climbing on a slide .
An older man holding a newborn baby .
Man with a white T-shirt and black rimmed glasses cooking a pot of food on the stove .
A woman in a red and white striped turtleneck sipping from a cup .
Two gentlemen outside beside a log .
The young lady is hitting her tennis ball on the field .
Three men of varying ages are working preparing something with pots and bowls .
A man sells potatoes to a group of people .
A many in an orange t-shirt , tan shorts and tan and black baseball cap is moving a tall metal cart with sheets of pretzels that is surrounded by similar carts .
baseball player in black and gray uniform swinging at ball .
A Boston terrier is running in the grass .
Person standing on rocky edge of water with hilly land in background .
A very busy market street with lots of people looking at different things .
Two workers spread cement onto a brick building .
Man building a sand castle .
An elderly man with a camouflage hat and plaid jacket sitting in a chair .
A group of people stand in front of a small gate .
A young man sitting on a rock above a body of water , fishing rod in hand .
Two women ascend a telephone pole with special boots and straps on their waists .
A group of young adults singing in a choir .
Two people in shorts are running on the beach .
A man holds a stick above a jumping dog .
A man in an orange hat starring at something .
A teenage boy with a white headband looking right , a crowd in the background .
Two boys are looking upwards with their arms streteched to the sky , the boy on the left is wearing a blue vest jacket with a gray long-sleeved shirt and black jogging pants , and black tennis shoes and a hat , and the boy on the right is wearing a silver vest jacket , with blue long-sleeved undershirt , gray pants , and black tennis shoes and has black short hair and glasses .
A person with a scarf over their head and a boy in a black t-shirt looking at what appear to be olives in a pile on a tarp on the ground .
A woman in a dark tank top and cuffed jeans is smiling while sitting on top of a large rock or boulder outdoors .
A small group of women in traditional dark blue and white kimonos and sandals dancing in front of a tall brown brick church .
A gray-haired man singing in a crowd and playing an acoustic guitar .
A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition .
An older man is opening his arms wide and looking perplexed .
two males playing volleyball on the beach .
A man walks in the city .
A young man tunes his guitar in the kitchen .
A young girl plays as a woman talks on phone .
A woman is sitting with a basket of cloth , surrounded by cloth .
Two young men walk toward the camera , with the redheaded man on the left turning his head to look back at three women in the background who are walking away in the other direction .
A man in swimming trunks walking down to his belongings that are piled on a yellow canoe .
A man in a striped t-shirt and khakis stands at the counter of a convenience store while the female attendant faces him .
A distressed looking man walks down a city street holding a coffee , and there is a bus in the background .
Females , who are on team usa , jump in the air excitedly .
A white dog is walking on top of a mountain .
Three boys in green shirts and khaki pants are at the top of a slide .
A girl in a polka dotted blue jean dress walks barefoot on a balance beam .
A woman is sitting and staring on a red bench near a building .
A brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A choir of youths are singing .
The workers are surrounding a hole with a bucket .
A man walks down an alley between cream colored houses .
A man in a white shirt is holding a flaming pot .
A man wearing bathing trunks is parasailing in the water .
A youth wearing a shirt and tie crouching down and giving the peace sign .
A man serving and protecting .
A male and female watching something interesting .
A little boy holding a baby reptile .
A man is wearing a black backpack and carrying a brown bag .
A girl in karate uniform breaking a stick with a front kick .
An asian girl is flashing the peace-sign .
A mother and two children opening gifts on a Christmas morning .
A man in swimming trunks walking toward bright yellow and orange kayaks .
Three members of an opposing football team are tackling an opponent to the ground during a rainy football game .
A child in a striped shirt walks by some red chairs .
An Asian woman fixing her hair and makeup .
A woman wearing a bright pink overcoat makes a face to a woman wearing a purple overcoat while standing outside a Vitamin Shoppe .
a guy and girl are sitting in a sculpture playing with a throwing ring .
Two girls in shorts are holding hands at a pool .
The children are playing outdoors , while a man smiles nearby .
Woman wearing makeup and nail polish in a graduation gown .
A man is walking down a narrow street .
A blond child is being bitten on the nose by a little orange kitten .
Brown-haired girl wearing a green tank top , talking on a cellphone .
A man and woman dancing the tango in ballroom attire .
A man crouches while doing chores , as pigeons wander in the background .
A blond woman walking in heels .
A man in a blue shirt rides a skateboard along a railing not far from a brick wall .
A skateboarder riding inside a swimming pool .
Several people walk in and out of a building with a metal globe-like structure outside of it .
several men standing near a black concrete wall .
a man is cleaning out a small temple .
A woman takes a photo of a baby being held by a man .
A man in a black and white striped shirted tries to wrangle a horse at the rodeo while another man does the same just behind him .
A group of young people stand around waiting for something .
A group of men are standing beside a blue railing for a picture .
A person in a red shirt squats down in the street .
A young couple sits on the sidewalk and relaxes together .
A large group of Africans are having their picture taken in a clearing in a jungle .
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock , a small crowd watches .
Chinese male on his cellphone walking through the alley .
Four women in yellow dresses are performing a ballet .
A mother and her baby in his " First Christmas " outfit .
A curly brown dog runs across the lawn carrying a toy in its mouth .
a bald man in gray is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it .
Several people are eating lots of food .
Two people stand in front of a hot circular grill and a basket of eggs , one cooking the eggs while the other waits for them to be completed
An older man in a flannel shirt , sitting down .
A man is standing on a busy street looking with his head tilted up .
A blond cowboy is riding a bucking bronco at the rodeo .
Several young boys are pulling a rope in a park .
A man in a gray shirt and hiking boots jumps off a sandy hill .
A woman in a blue t-shirt and jeans is sweeping concrete .
Several girls and one woman are working on a project in front of a table covered with many objects .
A man in a military-type uniform is standing in the street listening to another man who has a piece of paper in his hands .
Man and his son wave as they ride a small train .
People walking down A European Street .
A homeless man holding a sign surrounded by buckets and crates .
A woman is playing with two children on a seesaw in a playground .
Individuals are building a house .
A group of men and women in military uniform .
A man and a woman are sorting through laundry with latex gloves on .
The boy is wakeboarding on the lake .
An apparently homeless black man with mismatched shoes , two pairs of pants , and a heavy jacket tries to warm his hands while sitting on a door step .
A dog walks on a log across a small river .
Indian man whittles in his own home .
A blond child who is wearing red shoes looking through a telescope .
People walking up a narrow set of wooden stairs .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera .
A man is carrying metal beams in a supply yard .
A girl at the shore of a beach with a mountain in the distance .
Battling between the sexes , who will win .
Two children are playing on a bicycle .
Two men in suits standing under an umbrella , next to a wall covered in graffiti .
A group of tourists is excited .
A middle-aged woman wearing a white shirt talking as she shows a small child in yellow how the toys work .
Hispanics are on horseback trying to wrangle a free horse .
A man sits on a step with two duffel bags and a plastic bag by his sides .
a man drinking out of a yellow cup around people at a busy event
A group of men and women are standing outside on green grass .
This is a clown at an elementary school .
Men installing beams for a tall structure .
Old lady crossing street with an umbrella .
A basketball game showing Lafayette player number 32 and Penn State player number 23 .
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building .
A boy wearing red and white swimming trunks diving backwards in a beautiful pool .
An older man dressed in jeans and a puffy dark jacket plays the accordion , seated in front of a stone wall .
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines .
Man preparing food while two others watch .
The boy and woman are working .
A man is drinking out of a yellow cup .
A tourist photographing tall buildings .
Four men sit cross legged on top of a blue , yellow , and white rug , smiling at the camera .
A colorful array of motorcyclists gathered outdoors , with Joshua trees in the background and a pair of motorcyclists on a cherry-red cycle in the foreground .
A boy and his younger brother playing together at the playground .
A dog is jumping over a series of colored gates .
A young girl in a baby pink outfit poses for the camera while holding onto a jungle gym in a playground .
Man walking , smoking a cigarette on urban street wiping his nose while passing by a newsstand .
An entertainer stand on one leg , holding up a dog as two goats stand on pedestals in the background .
A dog is playing fetch with a ball .
Several men are sitting on their motorcycles wearing a red shirt with a black vest and black hat .
An Asian woman pinning her hair back .
Three kids play with silly string .
a young girl swimming in a pool
Two men playing golf near water while the sun is setting .
Pan handler playing the accordion on the sidewalk .
A man playing an acoustic guitar and singing with a group of people behind him including a woman who is singing along .
A Pride softball team member hits the ball and runs towards first base while the umpire and catcher watch the ball .
A young boy plays in the water with the mountains in the background .
A man in full cowboy attire rides a bucking horse for an audience .
Two men and a woman pose with signs for Obama and Chris Gregoire .
A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .
A shot haired woman in a white shirt giving a long-haired woman in a red shirt a manicure .
A man preparing food on a grill .
A man and a woman are sitting at a small metal table .
New Mom plays with her young baby .
Gymnast doing handstand on a pole
A young girl sitting on a wooden chair .
Group of Asian boys wait for meat to cook over barbecue .
A man is sharpening a knife .
A young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle .
At a rock concert a man dressed in black and white pants and a checked hat plays his red guitar while another man sings .
Four musicians perform on stage at a large concert venue .
A smiling athlete in a black and red helmet holding ski poles .
A jockey wearing a red and blue outfit is staring down a racetrack riding a gray horse .
A man and two girls are talking and drinking wine .
Three women in bright colors and headdresses are holding love message cards .
A man carrying a large stack of metal poles over his shoulder .
A young man in glasses sings and plays guitar .
There are two street musicians playing percussion , while a crowd of people look on .
Two brown and white dogs play roughly in a clearing of a wooded area .
A middle-aged man standing in the middle of a crowd looking the other way .
A gymnast is being judged at en event .
Woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
A young girl floats on her back in water and peers over her life jacket .
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
A lady with dark hair is playing a harp .
Someone carrying an umbrella while crossing an intersection .
A brown dog with a brown collar digs sand .
A man in leather jacket is standing next to a 9-11 conspiracy theory sign .
A man is watching something in the sky .
A woman in blue looks in a black leather bag while sitting on a bench during a sunny afternoon while people and limousines passed behind her .
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim .
A man using the bathroom mirror to tie his tie .
A girl is sunning herself with a purple towel over her face .
Two women are smiling while sitting at the table .
A guy sitting with his arms crossed with a brunette on his left .
3 Olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background
A woman with red-hair is neck deep in cloudy blue water .
Group of people outside , holding a banner with blue text on it .
A woman , wearing a yellow apron , is taking the lid off of a large pot .
An Asian man is cooking food outdoors .
Pickers working out on a farm .
A cowboy is riding a bull on a rodeo and is having trouble staying upright .
Picture of a hotdog vendor in the street .
Two boys try to attach fruits to a bicycle on a dirt road .
A girl is riding her bike at night .
A man is riding a bike on a steep tilt .
Two men sit in beach chairs in the shallows as one goes fishing .
An extreme cyclist stops to rest as the sun sets in the background .
Greyhounds racing chasing a mechanical rabbit around the track .
There is lady with the white apron has an utensil standing over a wok , a man in blue shorts and blue shirt sitting down , a person in a pink shirt and others are in the background all in one place .
A female gymnast performing a jump .
A crowd on a busy daytime street .
A young child wearing a mask at Ivars .
In front of palm trees , figures ride bicycles while a couple walk and a child wears rollerskates near an older person .
A guy and a girl are dressed for summer .
An older man is playing a video arcade game .
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
Marathon runners are cheered on by thousands .
Kids are sitting on a man in a banana suit .
A boy and girl ride in the front of a small train labeled " Mississippi Train " .
Group gathered to go snowmobiling .
Orange SUV drive by the shore .
Four older men sitting on a blue patterned rug in an ethnic looking place of worship , 3 of them wearing some sort of head covering .
Men and women strolling in the park on the sidewalk .
A boy is holding up a paper with a crowd of people around him .
A male tennis player holding his tennis racket .
A man making a canvas shade .
A blond child sleeps with her book open and resting on her chest .
A GI relaxes and waits at an airport .
A woman watching over her two bunnies and curious cat .
Two women are walking in dirt outside a large building .
A crowd of people sitting at picnic tables in front of a brick , historic-looking building .
A man is smiling and holding a sign .
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall .
A large brown dog is walking along side a river .
A couple of men in hats posing for a picture by a gas station .
A young boy is hanging onto a clothing rack .
A child lays in the snow next to his sled , raising his hand in the air .
People are walking in the rain with umbrellas and raincoats around the fountain .
An elderly man sitting outside on a chair with a guitar next to him .
A man is cooking outdoors with a female watching .
Two nuns are posing for a picture .
A group of kids playing on bicycles on a trial .
two men dancing on a checkerboard in front of a crowd
Karate is not for the light-hearted !
Two German sheperds snarling at each other .
An African American man surrounded by empty overturned white buckets and dark colored crates expresses himself through a message handwritten on cardboard .
A man is riding a bull in a rodeo .
A group of people walk down the street in the sun .
A woman with a push-to-talk cellphone and headset waiting at a crosswalk .
Men sitting in chairs in shallow water fishing .
A puppy has a stick in its mouth .
A group of men sitting and talking behind some green fruit .
A teenage boy is stretching in the kitchen and you can see part of his stomach .
A man on the edge of a wall about to fall off .
A man on a tag line going into the water .
A solitary woman uses a large primitive mortar and pestle to crush plant material as she stands in a stubble field .
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people .
A man rides his bike on the boardwalk .
A woman pounding something with a rock , with a guinea pig in the background .
Shirtless guy staring off in the distance while three woman are walking past a crowd sitting outside a cafe .
A young child is running along a beach .
An older woman on the computer
Spectators are watching two women dance .
Several men are wearing martial arts uniforms while they perform some moves in unison .
A skateboarding young man 's soaring over rails , while city setting behind him looks so still .
A person does a handstand on public art .
A shirtless man walks toward a yellow kayak .
The number 3 soccer player in a red jersey holding a yellow ball at the side line .
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat .
A young boy wearing a blue jersey and yellow shorts is playing soccer .
Woman in red looking over the celebration parade below .
Workers talk near train tracks .
A man dressed mainly in black is holding a huge triangular guitar-like instrument with a musical stand in front of him .
a man sitting on a chair with a house in the background .
A man is doing a somersault wearing a black shirt and red sweatbands .
A muscular African-american man pan-handling using paint buckets as a musical instrument .
Man wearing black playing a very large guitar-like instrument .
Three girls jump into a pool .
A construction worker getting his moves on .
An Asian woman and her two children sit at a table doing crafts .
A worker in a yellow jacket is hoisted up high to work on a building .
A man wearing apron is slicing a meat .
A man lounging in a red sectional sofa in home store .
Four people playing instruments on a public place .
Some young men looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day .
A man working diligently while sitting at a table .
Four Asian kids sit on a bench and wave and smile to the camera .
A group of mountain bikers race each other down a dirt hill .
Bicyclers riding over a bridge on a sunny day
Looking in through a decorated window on a man riding an elevator .
A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow .
Little girl standing in sand at the beach .
A boy and a girl are sitting on a bench looking at something they each have in a small paper cup .
The large round sculpture is surrounded by a brick plaza .
Circus performer gesturing upward while hold a dog between his legs , with a man and two goats in the background .
A little girl on the beach with a shovel in hand .
The man helps the boy ride a bike .
Two men are sitting on white chairs .
A baby boy in a blue and white striped shirt is sitting on his mother 's shoulders .
A man walking into a building while a dog looks at him .
A group of people on the street setting up instruments .
Four people stand with their dogs in a field .
A surfer in a blue swimsuit is riding the waves .
A dog climbing a steep dirt hill .
A group of people at a protest to stop the building of the Kingsworth coal power plant .
A crowd is watching 2 shirtless men , one in yellow pants and one in black shorts perfom .
A tattooed woman taking a picture with a digital camera .
A man in an alley with his mule .
An african child carries an infant in swaddling cloth on her back .
A man is looking at a small plane flying in the air .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle .
A man rest against his bicycle as the sun sets .
A group of children sit on a blue mat while they eat out of bowls .
A man with a gray jacket on that has a red and black stripe on the sleeve at a shooting range with multiple targets .
A tattooed man on a stage pours beer into another man 's mouth .
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .
Five snowmobile riders all wearing helmets and goggles line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles ; they are all wearing black snow pants and from left to right they are wearing a black coat , white coat , red coat , blue coat , and black coat .
A person wearing a red jacket holding rainbow streamers .
A child claps while riding on a woman 's shoulders .
The woman in the brown shirt is sitting on a bright red bench .
A grumpy old man reads a newspaper on public transit .
A technician in an orange vest and a hard hat removes cables from a work truck .
The bulls wins , but not before it is stopped in its tracks .
a brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick .
A group of people standing on the lawn in front of a building .
A young male is running while playing tennis against another person .
Three dogs playing on grass .
Two men are learning to how to play curling .
The person is bicycling on the street at nighttime .
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest .
A girl looking through binoculars .
A group of men walk down a city street .
A man throws a pitch during a baseball game .
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .
Two dogs walk in the snow , the larger dog has a fish in his mouth .
A boy is pushing an object with a handle while wearing sunglasses by a building with a blue and white striped awning .
Young asian man paying his respects .
A man wearing dark sunglasses and a hat sits next to a woman with a black hat .
Two men sitting and talking to each other .
A man in a white shirt peers out a brown train .
three dogs playing together in a grassy field with trees in the background
A man rests his eyes , sitting on a red couch with his hands folded .
There are several kids practicing in a taekwondo class .
A man in a black shirt next to a laptop and in front of a screen is looking off to the side .
Two teammates from the USA team are jumping in the air to give high-fives while two teammates watch .
Men and women are walking in the street .
a young woman is giving a baby a ride on her shoulders .
A man standing in a yellow jacket .
A bull rider in a white shirt jumping the fence to avoid being hit by the bull .
A female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition , while spectators line the street .
A blond man in a tan colored shirt is leaning against the window on the inside of a building with a fish like design on the windows .
Mountain peaks in the foreground and distance .
Man cheering a friend with beers .
A man grilling meat on an outdoor grilling pit .
There is a man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
The partially obscured car is visible to the man in uniform .
A cat observing two little rabbits in a box of hay inside an wire enclosure , while a woman in a white sweater looks on .
Two small dogs pursuing a ball across a grassy field .
a man is climbing a cliff with his feet on a brown metal plate
Man in a Miami basketball uniform jumping to make a shot .
A man carrying steel beams across a lumberyard .
A man in a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
A girl with bright red-hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk .
A baby girl looking at a black and white cat while holding a toy .
A man working in the ground in the dirt looking away .
The man with the brown hair is at the shop getting his beard cutoff .
White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel , creating some sort of artwork .
A boy in a gray striped shirt sitting on stairs with a skateboard .
Black dog is carrying something in its mouth and running in the grass .
A woman plays volleyball .
A curly-haired man carrying drinks .
Three people , wearing dark clothes , get together for a close hug , outside of a cafe .
The indian 's are performing a sacred dance .
There are several dogs in the field where the girl with the ponytail is sitting down .
Construction workers having a discussion by the tracks .
A vendor on a busy street is selling food .
Man prepares to take a kayak ride .
People sitting around in a semi circle all looking in the same direction .
A guy fixing a bike for a young girl .
Two young girls pose for a picture with one carrying the other .
Man in black hat sipping wine .
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe .
Overhead shot of 2 teenagers both looking at a shirt being held up by one of them .
A short-haired man adjusting his tie with the help of the mirror in his hotel room .
Under sunny skies , a worker helps in the framing of new building .
An woman wearing a light-blue shirt adjusts her hair while sitting at a table .
A man playing an instrument next to a tree .
These four people are standing outdoors , with 3 dogs .
A martial artist is practicing with a sword against a stick of bamboo .
A woman is doing yoga at the beach .
A player swings at a ball .
a guy give a kiss to a guy also
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest .
A man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air .
A black woman works in a field .
Four men are preparing to launch a boat with colorful flags .
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt .
A worker in a yellow vest stands on train tracks .
A man in blue with a white wrap around his forehead reading a book .
People at a protest regarding military personnel .
A small dog leaps a barrier .
A man , woman , and two young boys are sitting on a bench with flowers in the background .
A BMX biker shoots up into the air .
A small dog jumps over a striped gate .
Five woman gathered to play woodwind and string instruments in someone 's living room .
A greyhound racing .
A baby girl wearing a harness is lying on the ground crying .
A girl wearing glasses hold a girl the same age wearing a red sweatshirt and yellow galoshes .
Three children 's legs are shown as they stand near a mess of silly string .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress lays on the floor and cries with her toy beside her .
Three friends at a cafe taking a photo-op .
A large group of people stand outside of a church .
A little girl is sitting on a chair or couch with her head on the arm .
A woman and three kids play at a park .
A man gives a thumbs up sign during his race .
A woman lowering ballast on a boat .
Two hockey players trying to score in their opponents goal .
A group of Asian men are playing a game .
A middle-aged guitar player is on stage playing a white electric guitar .
3 men cooking in a small kitchen .
A man in a motor cart rides by to witness the park area .
Two teams , one clad in green and white and the other in black and white , face off on a grass field .
A long , green board that has " lovely " written on it .
A family is at a market in a different country .
A drunken woman laughs as she lays on a small cough .
There is a man , woman and two boys sitting on a bench .
A group of male and female cheerleaders create three formations .
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
Several people sit at a table in formal clothing .
A man is wearing a yellow jacket is wrangling an out of control horse in an outdoor stadium .
A man on a moped is riding down the street .
A blond girl in white has her arms around a girl in a helmet .
Several people in yellow and black uniforms are lined up carrying drums .
An adult performing a finger puppet show with a young child in a costume .
A construction worker holds a sign about bicycling .
A boy is playing on a clothing rack .
Boy with red shoes looks through a viewer to see farther .
A girl in martial arts class is kicking a dummy .
A black man and white woman sing together .
two kids playing with toys
A dog is walking along a snowy surface .
A group of people run a race or marathon while a crowd of people watch .
A woman in an orange windbreaker waits with a woman in a navy blue shirt for the bus .
Two people , a male and a female , are watching a very large fire .
three black dogs and a white dog are standing in the snow .
The guy in the black and yellow vest has a black hat on .
Two rugby teams , one in green and white uniforms , the other in black , are engaged in a scrum .
The people are sitting and mingling near the tent .
a man runs with his dog at a dog show .
A male and female are holding hands and - walking down a winding walkway on a sunny day .
A band on stage with guitars and brass
This is a large group of young people at a party .
A woman sits at a restaurant with her back against a brick wall .
A kid rock climbing against the backdrop of a green valley
A woman with a drink and a woman with a cellphone .
The man in the gray shirt is jumping off of the sand dune .
A young African american boy with red pants standing in front of a house .
A young kayaker wearing an orange life-vest is all alone in a lake .
A white dog fetching a yellow toy .
Two friends meet up at a shop .
A man in heavy clothing with a cart of tools bending to inspect the floor
A man in a blue bodysuit surfing .
A snow skier is going down a slalom course .
A man using a scooter wearing a black leather jacket looking away from the camera .
One young man is looking at coffee makers in a store .
Ten people swimming in calm water .
A young man in a blue poncho smoking a cigarette .
An audience at a soccer game .
Men playing volleyball in the sand .
Three men smiling and gesturing .
A man in formal attire plays a piano on the sidewalk of a city street .
A white man working a spotlight with no shirt on .
Older women and younger girl are opening presents up .
A small child wears skis on a ski hill .
A woman in a red shirt raising her arm to the passing crowd below .
A man with long hair is skateboarding in a skate park surrounded by houses .
The man fishing while sitting on the cliff .
An older many in a navy blue polo shirt holds an infant wrapped in a blanket .
Even in cooler weather men will get out and play with their model planes .
A black , brown and white dog with his tongue out is in the snow
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball .
A woman wearing sunglasses sits on a red bench in front of a yellow building .
a woman twirling multicolored ribbons
A mural on the side of a building .
The Iowa State football player blocks a Texas A&M defenseman while running with the ball .
A girl stands up with a glass of beer to make a toast at a couple 's wedding .
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country .
A black mother and five children in a rural area
A man is guiding the hockey puck across the ice while an opposing player races towards it .
Dog running though the snow in a green cover .
A guy wearing an orange vest sitting on a red motorcycle on the street .
Two people walking on dirt in front of a very large building .
Someone is lunging for a soccer ball near a net in a game of water soccer .
An elderly man sitting in a chair , eating some snacks .
Two people recreating a medieval fight .
A tour group is standing on the grass with ruins in the background .
Two women in India , sitting near an ox .
A man wearing red and black is balancing himself on the back wheels of a bicycle that is pointing up .
On a clear day , a number of cyclists ride their bikes over a bridge in an industrial area .
Girl on roof of jeep being driven down road
Two cars are racing on a track while the audience watches from behind a fence .
A man in dressy clothes instructed a captain near a large truck .
There is a band playing for a small audience .
Business ideas are scattered about a table in a meeting .
A room full of people with a black kid showing a piece of art .
A girl wearing black athletic clothing with the number 1102 on her jersey runs across some grass .
Someone is doing a handstand on the top of an outdoor sculpture .
In this photo there is a family of four dashing across a busy street in the city .
Man smoking , while inspecting his camera .
A man and woman are locked arms sitting down and all dressed up .
Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around .
Two men playing guitar in front of a large audience .
Three people standing near a door , with silly string cans .
A dance group performs in a parade in china .
Two dogs , one with mouth open .
A boy in a stroller is wearing a green shirt and holding a book .
A light dog climbing a wall of dirt .
A child splashes in water .
Two brown dogs fight on the leafy ground .
Four young boys are standing around a grill .
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor .
A small girl jumping rope .
Women in store happily holding some food .
This is a view through a ribbed glass ceiling looking down on a bunch of people eating in a cafeteria setting .
Two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot , at night .
A man and a woman sitting next to a black fence talking .
Two guitarist are preparing for a show on stage in front of a waiting crowd
a man in a striped blue shirt and a balloon hat is making other balloon animals
man standing at a counter in a convenience store with a woman on the other side of the counter wearing a white shirt looking at him very expectantly .
A clown takes the time to greet children attending a performance .
A child is wearing a blue knitted hat .
People are walking through a shopping center .
Two people putting on a show at the Renaissance fair .
A woman sitting against a brick wall inside a building .
A dog happily plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day .
Three people sitting in a large bike basket .
Man plays a strange looking string instrument .
Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture
Two young people in blue shirts share a megaphone at some kind of festival with a Greenpeace tent .
A man with a blue jacket and a woman wearing a black jacket are standing near a large statue and looking at a body of water and bridges in the distance under a quarter moon .
A guy and a girl going down a spiral walkway .
A basketball player leaps with the ball while opponents try to block him .
A girl dressed in a red uniform is hitting a softball with a bat while a catcher and home plate umpire look on .
A man in a black t-shirt , cap and jeans is playing drums on an upside down yellow pail .
Children playing with balloons and sitting atop a man dressed in a banana costume .
A crowd of people out for some fun in public park .
Group of men sitting around a table having a conversation .
A man wearing gloves carries corn through a field .
Two young boys putting fruit on the bike .
Slim , blond woman in white dress holds tennis racket .
A woman raising the anchors on a boat .
Tired little boy lays down on a display bed at a store .
A dog runs on the green grass near a wooden fence .
Two dogs leap through snowy grass and rocks .
A black man with a red shirt on is walking .
a young girl wearing a blue shirt marching in a band playing a trumpet
Two men appear to be working construction with their hard hats on .
Young girl rollerblading with safety gear .
A group of mostly asian children sitting at cubicles in blue chairs .
A woman with a tag is pouring red wine in a glass
A young child with ringlet curls laying in a grassy area blows dandelion fuzz off a stem .
A band performs in a dimly lit setting .
A man is leaping over a barrier away from a bull .
A young boy is standing next to a sand sculpture of a pyramid .
A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow .
A little boy in a blue coat is playing next to some ducks in a park .
A man advertises with a giant sign tied onto his bicycle .
Two young men in black tank tops playing on a set of drums .
Two men with hard hats are talking .
A woman in a two piece swimsuit is on the beach looking at her foot .
There are kids playing in the dirt beside the road .
The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged at base by a girl on the other team .
Two dogs , one holding something in its mouth , in the snow .
A man and woman wearing wedding clothes are kissing .
A person playing sports in the snow is crouched down .
A man and two young children are fishing by a pond .
Woman wearing a yellow hat , pink shirt , and red apron is holding food in a kitchen .
man sitting on a railroad track selling something with a scale in the picture .
The man with sunglasses and a striped shirt is walking down the street with three cases of beer .
An old man with a red scarf reading a newspaper on the subway .
Children on a train , at an amusement park .
a group of young men and women push a boat to shore .
A man and two children are planting a tree .
Two men climb onto tires while sitting in the muddy water .
Two blond women are wearing white I love beer shirts .
A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach .
A woman presents a bar code for a smartphone so that a man can use his phone to find the location associated with the code .
young boy on a motorcycle smiling .
A person in a black coat pulling a kid out of the road .
A tennis player holds one hand to his mouth and the other holds a racket .
Where is the rest of his racket ?
two females in a sitting down in a highly populated area .
Two men are wearing their jackets outside .
A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence .
A muscular man in yellow pants .
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients .
Blond man crossing street , in white shirt and red t-shirt , carrying a white bag .
A group of young girls all dressed in blue shirts with black pants are standing around in a music room .
An Asian man wearing a Nike shirt is on a train in a subway .
A little boy is wearing a blue and white shirt while holding a toy animal that is either a crocodile or an alligator .
Lady out with a elder person in wheelchair , in the sun .
Four Asian women performing a dance in traditional , Oriental attire , outside a church with onlookers watching .
A man in a blue plaid shirt looking up .
Groups of people are having conversations with each other on a crowded street .
A woman holding onto a camera smiling at the camera .
Road construction arrows are pointing left .
The men who won first , second , and third place of a bicycle race .
A black man in a reflective vest standing in a dirt hole .
Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob .
Man with glasses and a red and black striped shirt , writing something down .
Two men stop on the sidewalk to chat as a third passes by .
Four elderly people sitting under a white tent playing musical instruments .
Girl in bathing suit pointing and laughing at child in orange bathing bottoms while another girl looks on
Two men sit at a diner , one reading a newspaper , the other smoking a cigarette .
A dog drinks from a sprinkler .
Two girls are walking by a car wash that has two cars and two men outside it .
a woman wearing a denim jacket walking along a sidewalk
A hiker is squatting on the ground looking at a tree stump while his companion stands nearby holding a walking stick .
Three men wearing the same black and yellow uniform are blocking another man in a red uniform .
A man in a navy blue jacket holding a tool in his dirty hand .
A woman with short black hair in a blue t-shirt holds a baby in pink clothes with a pacifier .
The man does a trick on his skateboard on a concrete ramp .
A man uses stereo equipment .
A dog jumps and catches a chew toy .
A man tired on a couch just waiting to go home from work .
Two boys playing ball in the street .
A woman in a blue shirt is walking across the street of an older looking district .
A man in a green shirt playing the trombone .
A boy wearing an orange shirt and brown shorts is jumping .
A man is kicking a soccer ball .
A pool player lines up his shot , as friends stand by awaiting their turn .
A man in a brown shirt and glasses plays a guitar and sings into a microphone .
A large crowd of people walking while being controlled by officers among them .
Two boys are standing on a balance beam while playing with a green rope .
A girl wearing a black t-shirt is holding a small pizza in a kitchen setting .
A man with sunglasses is operating a construction automobile and releasing gravel on to the ground .
Two women , one in black and one in white , are standing on one foot in front of a window that states , " Babys " in green and yellow balls .
Two dogs biting another dog in a field .
Two young people walk down a sidewalk in jackets .
A child dressed as a monkey walks in front of a woman playing with finger puppets .
A woman reclines on top of a large rock with green trees in the background .
A man is practicing his kicks on a punching bag in a gym .
A woman is sitting outside her house with a blue door , enjoying the air .
a man stands alone on the rocks .
A dog in a field with a Frisbee .
A girl jumps in the air .
Two dogs playfully bite a third dog , which has its tongue sticking out .
Two children playing soccer on the field , one is wearing a blue shirt and the other is wearing a orange shirt .
An old man with arms outstretched sits against a wooden wall between a woman and another man .
A rodeo scene with a big crowd watching three men being thrown from bucking broncos .
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog .
The young lady is giving the old man a hug .
A girl is kayaking in a blue boat , on a blue lake wearing an orange life jacket .
The woman in the red pant suit and white hat is selling her produce .
A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog .
An employee is handing a woman a bag while she is browsing through fish on ice at a street market .
A man that is wearing a balloon hat while making another .
An older gentleman , dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt , tosses a small red ball on the beach .
The crowd along the city street is watch performers with long wood poles .
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread .
Possibly a preschool teacher trying to explain something to her class , the little mouse could care less .
A guy with long hair , black shirt and white shorts about to play a drum .
A young oriental woman sitting amongst her belongings .
people are walking through a vegetable stall filled market .
A group of people at a restaurant about to take shots .
Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch .
A young mother is letting her child lick a wooden cooking spoon clean .
Two police officers observe while a crowd gathers outside a white tarp .
A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .
A woman in a yellow shirt is hand-decorating a vase on a green turntable .
A rhythmic gymnast in a blue and pink outfit performs a ribbon routine .
A middle-aged man with a backpack playfully pretends to box with younger child who does not look phased .
A small child in a snowsuit and skis .
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine .
Two men are sitting in a canoe in the middle of a lake , watching the sunset in the background .
Bicyclist in racing gear rides through forest area .
A woman in white clothing is holding a rope .
A man on the street playing a guitar .
Passerby walk about in a busy Asian street .
Someone is filling a large syringe with vegetables .
A woman dressed up in green , probably for St. Patrick 's day .
A bare chested smiling child plays in water .
A little girl balances on a gymnastics beam .
Busy Asian mall with paper lanterns and shoppers .
a boy jumps on another boy .
Protesters holding picket signs up , man in center with a blue I<3NY shirt .
A woman with long curly hair is standing at a podium and speaking .
The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother .
A young blond girl sleeps curled up on a brown couch with her head on large red pillow .
A man in a field with an airplane in view .
A man walking in front of a colorful mural on a brick road .
A man , dressed in bright blue jeans and a plaid shirt , mows a shaggy green lawn in his cozy suburban front yard .
A man holding a chicken while he wears a mischievous grin on his face .
A child wearing a yellow Doritos shirt jumps up while another child is seen in the background .
A man wearing a white t-shirt has his mouth open wide .
Three young women smiling while the lady with the red-hair makes a peace gesture .
Two boys cross a city street while kicking a red soccer ball .
A man in an orange hard hat and orange jumpsuit is about to grab onto a large blue hose .
A girl wearing a life vest floats in water .
A woman looking at a piece of paper standing between two men .
The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole .
A shirtless man with tattoos , glasses and a baseball hat , touching a spotlight that is on .
A man rides his mountain bike with mountains in the background .
A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands by a metal tiered shelf in an industrial kitchen , holding the top edge of the metal structure , with one leg resting on the knee of the other leg .
A woman in a cycling jersey rides a bicycle .
Four young Asian boys hold bowls and chopsticks as they stand around a barbecue .
An Asian man with dark hair wearing a dark shirt riding the subway .
Two people mud wrestling .
An old man playing a game at the casino .
An attractive young New York City policewoman pauses on the sidewalk .
Some people sitting on yellow chairs eating in a cafe .
Three athletes holding bouquets stand on the victory podium .
People sitting on benches in between trees .
A mountain biker rides through a shady trail .
A man on a bike that is doing a trick .
Against a backdrop of scenic snowcapped mountains , a bike rider appears .
An elderly man playing a drum .
a large bull targets a man , inches away , in a rodeo with his horns , while a rodeo clown runs to help .
An elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the room , a group of people are sitting on chairs .
a man either giving or viewing a powerpoint presentation .
Young man wearing a rolling stones black t-shirt playing a guitar .
An older man who appears to be in his sixty 's , seems to be doing some type of magical form of play with three children and an adult female , being his targeted group .
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle .
Two people looking a piece of paper standing on concrete .
A man in a black jacket and checkered hat wearing black and white striped pants plays an electric guitar on a stage with a singer and another guitar player in the background .
Woman sitting in the grass with many dogs around her .
A black horse stands in the grass at a fence , while a brown dog looks on .
karate kick in the desert
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water .
Two persons in hooded coats on a street while a mini cooper car drives by .
A store with pokemon items and pokemon balls in front of the registers .
A couple shares a kiss holding a bouquet .
A group of hikers are climbing up a snowy mountain .
A team of cyclists rounds a bend while nearby spectators cheer and take photographs .
A group of people are hiking up an icy hillside .
Four men are sitting on the stoop of a stone church .
A woman sings in a club with a guitarist behind her .
Have a quick chat and smoke break .
A young Caucasian child and another adult lady are playing with a house made out of Legos .
Two men , one in a green jacket and one in a red jacket , are trying to build a fire in the woods .
A child wearing a yellow shirt is jumping up and down .
An adult couple is talking with a younger girl , and they are all smiling .
Some boys playing soccer in the sand
Three college-age women sit in upholstered chairs .
A man and a woman on stage at an outdoor venue .
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people .
A man in a dimly lit room playing a guitar .
A boy and a girl swinging in a park shaded by trees .
Two men sitting on the roof of a house while another one stands on a ladder .
A small crowd gathered at a local seaman monument holding umbrellas .
A woman rides her bike with her white helmet and her biking shorts and top .
a black dog sprints near the blue fence .
A dog with a black and brown marbled coat scowls at the camera while a young woman in a black suit walks in the background .
Three children inspecting their disposable cameras .
Man in red and white soccer uniform stands on the field boundary lines with yellow and blue soccer ball .
The boys wearing the purple uniforms tackled number 25 .
Three people dancing in the subway .
Toddler is helping to stir ingredients .
Four workmen removing debris , from a hole in the ground .
A woman sitting on a lawn chair .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
Older man in a teal fleece jacket working on a car .
a black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass .
While visiting the Mayan ruins , a guide points in the direction of more attractions .
Three people are gathered for a picture .
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper inside a newspaper stand .
A street vendor is displaying artwork and other goods .
A girl in a green shirt talking on a cellphone .
A plump woman with a pink shirt and black hair is applying red lipstick to her lips .
Little town and its people on the streets .
Hatchback red car racing around the track ahead of two trailing pray .
an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
A young girl is stranded in front of a large rock in the middle of a river .
Three people , two in black and one in yellow , are seated on a wooden bench , only their heads and shoulders visible , in front of a sign for a furniture showroom & restaurant .
A woman sits at a primary colored children 's table , playing with building blocks , as two girls in pink dresses , and a boy in a red shirt surround her .
Cowboys are riding on horses in a dirt field .
A woman stands in a field surrounded by three attentive gray dogs .
Six people ride mountain bikes through a jungle environment .
man playing guitar on the street
A sleepy little girl on a couch .
Three people dressed in blue , white and black leotards are being held up by the hands of a set of two people each on the ground dressed in the same outfit as people look on .
People sitting in the grass outside a building , taking a break .
Three girls smiling , one of those showing two fingers as if she 's doing the peace sign .
The lady wearing black rimmed glasses and a yellow sweater jacket looks confused as she sits on the tan covered bench .
A man rock climbing in a forest .
People are standing on a crowded subway , and the platform outside is visible through the window .
Eight men on motorcycles dressed in red and black are all lined up on the side of the street .
People playing pool , one is a man wearing a blue shirt and the others are women but their heads are not within the camera shot .
Two young boys play together at a park .
There is a large man getting shaved .
This man and women lost something and is looking for it .
A man is swinging a tool at his sculpture .
A man in a harness lands in the water .
Two diverse teams competing in soccer .
A shirtless man in black shorts is standing on the rocky shore to a large body of water .
A baby is laying on a pillow wearing Christmas pajamas .
Firemen emerge from a subway station .
Three men in red and white striped shirts , white pants , and black hats hold flags .
A man in a black hoodie is preparing food .
Two downhill skateboarders round a curve while others watch .
A mountain bike rider wearing a helmet rides down a mountain trail with trees and a mountain ridge in the background .
Three construction workers are mending pavement .
A gymnast wearing red and white is mid-twirl on an uneven bar .
A deer jumping over a fence .
A group of people outside in orange t-shirts under a De Koninck tent .
a bmx rider gets a lot of air .
Two people sit at a table outside against a wall and make faces .
The woman wearing a blue shirt sits in front of a brick wall .
Two people survey the night sky , illuminated by the moon and the glow of the city they are in , with an ornate bust occupying the space to their right .
A man and a woman are sitting at a table , accompanied by a dog , at the edge of a street .
A man photographs a woman in a pink dress and a throng of men in suits .
Two soccer players going head-to-head for a soccer ball .
Nine cheerleaders perform acrobatics behind a row of chairs .
A person biking near trees .
A white woman holding a donation check for " Kids Food Basket . "
The little girl is kissing the brown cat .
Two children wearing striped sweaters and black pants tussle outdoors near a play set .
A young man wearing a blue , yellow , and white striped polo plays rugby on a green grass field .
Two men wearing swim trunks jump in the air at a moderately populated beach .
Two young men dressed in black stand next to each other looking at something .
A Japanese shop with people sitting inside it .
Some men sitting on the steps of a church .
One person stands and another sits on the summit of a mountain .
A boy grimaces as he jumps high in the air .
A man in a suit is sitting at a bus stop .
A girl breaking boards by using karate .
Many people are sitting around a tent outside .
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something .
Several people standing around a boat which has sails shaped like a fish .
A man walks down a cobblestone street next to buildings painted tan with red eaves .
Doctors performing some type of surgery .
A black dog in a red harness jumping .
A woman sitting with two men hugging .
A man standing in a green box .
Two dogs run through a snowy field .
Two men are trying to rope in a bull who is crashing down on one of them , in a contest at a corral .
Two little boys eat McDonald 's while sitting at a table and chairs outside , where others are also eating .
An old woman is selling produce at a farmer 's market .
A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion .
A man in blue overalls and red shirt holding a chainsaw .
Men working on the railway lines .
A dog turns on the grass to persue a flying ball .
A man is doing a handstand on top of a circular sculpture covered with graffiti .
a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out
People are in a room practicing a martial art .
A young girl wades out into the water wearing safety floatation devices on her arms .
A man in an orange hat jumping .
A woman in a brown vest is working on the computer .
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it .
Two African american females ride on a moped down a city street that appears to be in a well congested area of a large city area .
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field .
A man tests model airplanes in an open field .
Two guys , one wearing a red costume and the other wearing a white top and black shorts , are playing beach volleyball .
Two women wear shirts depicting how much they like beer
A woman 's lower body can be seen as she wears blue jeans and walks in front of a large sign depicting another woman wearing a black top and sunglasses .
A man wearing a reflective vest sits on the sidewalk and holds up pamphlets with bicycles on the cover .
A girl holds something while three dogs beg .
Two men participate in a recreation of a medieval sword fight while a crowd watches .
A man wearing a hat and a white shirt is cleaning windows .
A woman leans against a man surrounded by yellow caution tape .
Three people are sitting at an outdoor table in front of a coffee shop .
A man wearing a blue and white uniform clutching two yellow ski handles .
Three construction workers are standing outside and having a conversation .
A group of men in blue uniforms are standing together .
Two women repairing a wall with concrete .
The smiling baby is being held by a smiling adult .
A boy is hanging out of the window of a yellow taxi .
A child wearing a jersey jumps in the air .
A kid crosscountry skis wearing the number " 93 " .
Oregon percussionists are marching with the band .
People wearing sombreros drink shots happily .
Three people work on their laptops inside a store .
Three little kids are playing on a yard .
Two girls , one older and in black and one younger and in white , are performing the same ballet move in front of decorations made from balloons .
All couples are dancing and enjoying their company .
Construction workers in orange talking .
A child is laying on a beige rug laughing .
Two brown dogs run across a large snowy yard .
a man hangs upside down in a busy park as three people are clearly seen looking at him .
A lady pushes a stroller , behind a child , riding a tricycle , while another child walks along side .
On a sunny , dry day , wearing full football gear , a Texas A&M football player tries to reach an Iowa State football player , for the football during the game .
Standing outside in front of a red van , a man in a hat picks up a framed painting from a table full of such paintings and other art .
A martial artist wearing a white Gi and a black belt is pinning another man in a blue Gi to the ground .
A man , mouth agape , and wearing a multicolored behind a podium with writing on the front of it with upside down buckets to his left and crates to his right .
A brown dog frolics in a field carrying a plush toy
An Asian man sits on the tracks with crates of peanuts .
The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on .
Two mechanics are fixing a racing white car .
A man and child working on a puzzle .
A man eating a sandwich with his baby daughter in his lap .
Man standing on the sidewalk next to the street holding a guitar .
A man and a woman are chatting while sitting next to a black gate .
A man in an orange shirt and a blue hard hat smiles .
a lone surfer surfing a large collapsing wave in the ocean .
A man is walking near a very colorful wall .
Three people talking on a city street .
A girl with orange hair and tattoos takes a picture of a painting with her phone .
A plat is sitting on the floor next to a blond girl .
Pictured is the captain of a boat ; he is steering .
A young boy is eating an apple .
Workers laying gravel along a railroad track .
A group of people surrounding a man in a black and red striped shirt asking for his autograph .
A woman with long hair is at a graduation ceremony .
Man taking picture of church while the american flag blows in the wind
A kid swings with his feet up in the air in a forest .
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .
A man in straw hat is looking at pictures on a table .
A group of people in black standing on a dock nearby a long structure .
a man riding a running horse with some other men doing the same behind him .
Two men on a rooftop while another man stands atop a ladder watching them
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans attempts to climb a rock .
A white photographer films a seated black child while other children of mixed race watch .
A dog jumping over a beam
A group of women are playing musical instruments together .
A man in a blue and white striped shirt is smoking a cigarette .
the band is getting ready for tonight 's show with a pre-show run through .
Players in the red and white uniforms and bystanders are standing on a soccer field .
Small child is rollerskating while bicyclists ride around a track .
Two people ride a colorful bike while a blond woman takes their picture .
Two women on the street , one is playing the guitar and the other is playing violin .
A young boy is taking American flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans .
A small black child is holding up a poster among many other children .
A man playing an accordion among in a public area .
Young girl enjoying herself as she makes a snow angel .
Two groups of swimmers wade out .
A man intently playing piano .
kid practicing karate move
A man on the beach jumps to hit a volleyball .
A large , green , navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain 's hat and uniform .
man in silhouette casts net into water .
Two race cars , one red and one blue , are driving side by side down a racetrack while being watched by several onlookers .
Four children practice karate while two adults watch .
A man assembles a bicycle for a little girl .
A man in a brown shirt and a woman in a white tank top singing into their microphones .
A girl in a black shirt is smiling as she works behind a bar .
Two people eating at an outside table with their dog .
An old skinny man wearing the dirty white shirt riding on a bicycle on the street
A woman in a white shirt is holding a rope .
A young child practicing karate .
this is a mirrored ceiling in a cafeteria .
A customs officer leaning on a bike rack outside of an office building .
Two men are paddling their small canoes through the water .
A child is enjoying the ducks on a fall day .
A male is riding a skateboard on a road while another male sits and watches from the curb .
A drunken woman in a blue dress , black tights , and black leather pumps , laying on a couch , smoking a cigarette , laughing .
People enjoying cookout food in a public park .
A person is swinging by a cord over the ocean .
A Businessman walks away from a bus with a cup of coffee .
A gray dog walks in the green grass , tongue hanging out .
woman performing at a gymnastics competition .
A group of people are getting fountain drinks at a convenience store .
A football player wearing an orange uniform smiling and holding the football .
A very young child is sitting behind an even younger child with her hands around him .
A woman in a red jacket and blue jeans is sitting in front of a red arch .
A young Asian man with long black hair in a t-shirt and shorts sits in front of a large musical drum .
Three children are at the playground on some slanted bars .
A child in a blue shirt jumping off a bench .
A man is dancing with a dog between his legs .
A little girl is riding on a man 's shoulders as they walk behind a scarf-clad woman with a big purse .
A man is selling snacks at a sporting event .
A black-and-white dog goes for a flattened ball on the snow .
African girl with a small boy tied to her back by fabric .
Seated man with red hat and green shirt is talking on the phone .
A gray headed guy standing in his bathroom shaving his face and neck .
A man relaxing after riding his bike .
Hockey match between a white and red team .
a couple posing together each smiling
A skinny shirtless indian boy wearing shorts is jumping to the lake .
A man doing tricks in the snow .
A young blond man and another young man are playing guitars hooked up to amps .
A toddler eats a green apple in his playpen outside .
A young girl in a blue skirt is propping herself up on bars of a metal structure outside .
a woman holding a cookie and coffee
Marching band dressed in yellow and green march on the field .
Two person are riding their bicycles .
A DJ with one hand on his headphones and one hand on his turntable .
Two bicyclists with helmets on are riding past some empty country fields .
A man in an orange shirt is loading or unloading a large amount of pretzels from a delivery truck .
Two race cars burn rubber as spectators watch .
People walking about a university campus with palm trees in the background .
A brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other .
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table .
Two motocross bikers wearing full protective gear , with one in midair after a jump and the other looking down at his motorcycle .
A young boy uses a flashlight to inspect something in a sidewalk grate .
A woman lounges on a towel in front of people enjoying the blue water .
A long-haired flutist performs near a tree outside .
Two women , one walking her dog the other pushing a stroller .
This band is getting ready to perform in front of an audience at church .
A child is walking through a puddle wearing green sandals
A man walking into s foreign building .
A scientist intently looks through a microscope in a laboratory .
A boy stands with three girls .
Several football players on a field in action .
A large green metal ball is in a plaza .
Two people sit on a grassy lawn in front of a building .
A little kid is walking next to red banners .
A Japanese man plays a flute from sheet music beside a tree lines river .
A baseball pitcher prepares to pitch the ball to the batter .
A group of young teenagers are jumping at night making funny poses for the camera .
An African women is standing in front of a hut along with what appears to be a makeshift well .
A drag race car being worked on by 3 people on a track
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop .
A man in a suit , is walking down the street , while a bust is parked to his left , with views of tall buildings behind him .
Four people holding three dogs in a field .
A man in a jacket is taking a photograph of a large building .
A little girl in navy blue is posing on a railing .
A man in black pants cutting bushes .
A worker in a yellow safety vest and goggles frowns .
Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti , balloons .
Man clothed in a traditional dress like attire , while standing next to his mule who also seems to be clothed as well .
A group of people are sitting in chairs .
An silver-haired man stands on the cobblestones of an open-air square playing the accordion .
A Family going for a walk in a park .
A person dressed in brown and gray walks down a long street lined with yellow-walled buildings with tiled roofs .
A man smiles for the camera as he watches his friend work on a television beside him .
A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs on dirt .
A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out .
A basketball player from Penn State dribbles a ball while being surrounded by Lafayette players .
A boy at a gun range aims and shoots .
A man and his dog watch the sunset from a bench .
A man in a pink shirt and black jacket with headphones on .
Two children sit side by side while eating a treat .
A football player for the East Lake team takes down his opponent .
A man and a little girl in a grassy area are planting a tree while a little boy off to the side is holding a hoe .
Two men are sitting in chairs in the water fishing .
A man in a bar .
Young people chat outside near a buzy street .
An upside down man in a black shirt with red wristbands .
A older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell on a street .
A man is astride a rearing horse in an arena full of spectators .
A small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background
A man in a construction supply area , wearing blue jeans and bluish gray t-shirt , caries a bundle of metal on his shoulder
man in black walking up a sidewalk .
Two guys in leather , standing in a crowd .
A little girl is looking through a telescope at the beach .
A little girl dances in a room with balloons on the floor .
The girl with a shaved head is walking outside on the sidewalk .
Boy that is outside with a green bug sitting on his nose .
A large crowd of people are walking .
A snowboarder is catching air on a snowy hill while wearing protective snow gear .
In rural outdoors , blond woman sits on roof of yellow BMW vehicle , two people inside .
Three firefighters enraged after a prank call .
A man preparing food in his kitchen .
A boy is sitting down while smoking .
A man is skateboarding on a road while another man watches from the sidewalk .
A British gentleman , dressed in full military uniform , waving his hat with a background of people sitting back and looking out onto the waterway .
Gentleman business owner loves green aprons and roast duck .
A woman wearing blue and red walks through a rustic urban area .
An older man in a tropical shirt plays a drum .
Man with white hair playing an accordion in the middle of some buildings .
A man in a black suit plays the piano .
An old man with a long white beard , glasses , and a hat is sitting on a park bench .
The couple have children sitting in their laps on the rocky hillside .
An older man is hugging a younger woman in a dark room with people in the background .
A group of people sit outdoors around a small , short table .
One dog leaps to catch a softball while another looks on .
A man sits in an outdoor cafe finishing a meal .
A man riding his bike up the ramp .
There is a boardwalk by a body of water ; a man bicycles by .
A bulldozer works to demolish a decrepit building ; in the background , another brick building waits for its demise , its face covered with a grid of blackened window-holes .
an event with young adults .
A storefront with a sign written in chinese .
Graffiti on a wall depicts children drawing the words " Brick City " on the wall .
A girl is in a field surrounded by trees and pushing a pink scooter on the grass .
A woman with high heels and a purse is walking on the sidewalk .
Very young boy in a green shirt laying face down on a white bed .
Seniors gathered around a table .
A small child dressed in a pink jacket running down a sandy beach toward the ocean .
A young boy wearing a blue cap looking through a telescope .
People happily walking along a street with palm trees in the background .
a skateboarder grinds a curb .
Two men under the body of a drag car .
A woman with pink hair poses on a street corner with two pink dogs .
Young man with a cigarette placing food on a paper plate .
An oriental person in a red shirt and black pants crouching over a purse on concrete .
People inside a subway car hold on to the rails while people outside the subway car walk away .
A young girl in a blue shirt is in a bowling alley , and is casting her ball down a lane .
A woman wearing a white shirt works out on an elliptical machine .
Four men , three of whom are wearing prayer caps , are sitting on a blue and olive green patterned mat .
The boy is hanging out of the yellow cab .
A man in a green hard hat and yellow safety vest frowns .
People sitting on concrete benches and walking , with a headless mannequin next to a lamp .
People are walking across a school campus .
A man wearing a gray shirt , blue jeans and a neon green safety vest is standing on a railroad track with a white truck and a white building in the background .
A strong man is hitting to a person .
A brunette female wearing a gray hat is near a cluster of rocks by the bay .
A young man skateboards off a pink railing .
Girl hits a ball and the catcher looks on .
A woman whose head is not visible walks in front of a bus with an advertisement on its side .
An African American man with a black hat and black tank top plays the drums on some buckets for donations .
A man standing in snow in front of a red nissan jeep .
Three teenagers in a subway playing around .
A man in blue watches a family walk by while sitting in the snow .
A young boy , wearing a chef 's hat and apron , is cutting sausages in a kitchen .
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road
Two women having a conversation in a city area .
Person in white shirt and blue shorts in the water next to a big rock .
Two woman , one in red and the other in blue , race each other on rollerblades .
Two men ride through farm land as they guide their mule powered trailer .
An old man in dirty clothes rides a bike loaded with possessions down a busy city street .
Men play soccer on a muddy field .
A rocker with his shirt off sings into a microphone while he plays the drums .
A march to protest the construction of a coal power plant .
a dog running in a park with a rubber chicken in its mouth .
Three firefighter come out of subway station .
Two male friends in swimming trunks jump on the beach while people in the background lay in the sand .
A young man holding a cup , standing in front of an archway to an old stone building .
She is hitting the tennis ball over the line .
A man is talking on a cellphone outside .
Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth .
A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella and talk .
Water splashing up against something .
Five people are playing classical musical .
A young boy with a red jacket fell from his sled in the snow .
A group of people watch young men play the drums using makeshift buckets as instruments .
A man holding another man by the back of the head about to punch him in the face .
A fair haired woman is wearing what appears to be a graduation gown with a flower on her lapel .
A woman with long hair is talking to two men in uniform .
A person did a side flip while water boarding .
The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach .
A group of young people take shots in a Mexican setting .
Black dog running while man looks on .
Three men in red striped shirts carry flags outside of a brick building .
A man in a red suit is dancing with a woman in a red skirt , in the street .
There are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window .
The blond-haired woman with the black jacket is holding a white statue .
Two boys practicing passing a soccer ball .
a young child wearing green boots playing in a mud puddle
Four white dogs are running and jumping with masks over their mouth .
Three boys are playing soccer .
a lady looks surprised .
An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose .
A water play table in which a game can be played .
Six children are sitting around taking notes together .
Music being played by several individuals while a happy crowd sits and listens .
man scaling wall with fire in hand
People sitting and waving in a mini Pullman train .
Guy outside of his car stuck in snow .
The winners 1st , 2nd , and 3rd of a event posing for a picture each holding flowers .
A child is looking through a telescope
Pedestrians walk by outside a cafe .
A little blond girl splashing in a mud puddle .
A man kicking a workout bag .
A man works on his car as he tries to keep warm with his hat and sweatshirt .
A bunch of people are in a club dancing .
Martial artist with rods performing in a parade .
A little girl in a pink shirt is putting a puzzle together with her grandfather .
People stand and walk on a brick sidewalk wearing jackets and warm clothes .
Two boys play soccer against each other .
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
A small white car is on the train tracks and may or may not have been hit by the train behind it .
A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface .
Bicycle rider wearing black , riding down a dirt trail in a mountain bike .
A woman sits in a cafe , looking out a window .
A young man on the street listening to headphones .
People on the sideline of a soccer match .
The girl in the light pink shirt is playing a game with the other children .
A crowd of people are watch two guys play buckets .
Several children are all engaging in excersise
A man is using electronic equipment .
Two men sitting in front of a building and a field of grass in front of them .
A woman standing with 3 other people in a store with two tables , some shelves with coffee and tea for sale , and a refrigerated drink case .
Two groups of shirtless men are in the water in the distance .
Couple watching the moon on a bridge .
A small boy dressed in a black sweatshirt with a logo on it , holds a red bat in front of blue stadium seats .
A man jumping onto a platform .
Four men are outside looking down over the green bridge they are on .
The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot .
Two police officers on duty watching over things .
A woman talks on the phone as a group of men talk before class .
A boy in sunglasses , a blue , hooded , zipped up sweater and brown shorts is running from a camp of tents .
A blond woman in a leather jacket is sitting outside with a man in a blue and red jacket , and there is a dog between them .
A woman in a white top and khaki pants exercising on a piece of exercise equipment .
A musical concert with a large number of people .
there is six adults in front of a little kitchen some eating and others walking around .
Woman sitting on chair reading book with many people standing around her .
A man carrying a bag gesticulates at the photographer while walking in front of a large advertisement .
A boy and a girl holding hands while sitting on a shore .
Sports team on a field wearing yellow jerseys with a goal net to the right .
A little girl jumping into the stream of water on a hot day .
A person is surfing under a large wave .
A man with a white headscarf and an I Love NY t-shirt is among several men picketing against PM Construction Services .
A man in army fatigues is reading something while laying on the floor .
A man is sitting next to a computer monitor .
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court .
Two little boys in polos , are holding a black lab .
A young , asian child sitting on its parents ' shoulders , clapping .
A mother decides to take her child on a piggyback ride outside their apartment complex .
A boy grabs his leg as he jumps in the air .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture .
A woman in a blue shirt is looking in her change purse .
A man and a dog navigate an obstacle course .
Two young men in blue holding a loudspeaker with one talking .
christmas tree lights hang on the ceiling .
A young woman with a purple cloth hiding her face relaxes on a wooden deck .
The boy in the yellow shirt is riding a skateboard along a red bar .
A man in a puffy black coat stands near a tree trunk while a woman in a white scarf stands next to him with her head slightly bowed .
An old woman is sitting on a bench , while behind her a limo pulls up and two people in white are walking by .
Two people riding bikes through a mountainous region .
Man in black shirt waiting with luggage .
A woman peeks out from behind a rock located on the shore of a large body of water .
A young man in a striped shirt plays rugby .
A man in a white shirt and apron cuts up a bird .
A dog holds a stick in its mouth in the water .
Two odd statue like costumes are being worn in a street , they are surrounded by others at what appears to be a festival .
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by .
A dark-skinned girl with goggles and black hair in water .
A yellow construction vehicle is posed near two buildings , its arm engaged with a pile of rubble .
A muslim woman holding balloons at an islamic event
Two dogs running away from the camera in the woods .
The cowboy skillfully swings his lasso while riding his brown steed .
Two boys playing together at a playground .
A person sitting on train tracks is selling food .
A woman in a red bikini jumping to hit a ball while playing volleyball at a beach .
A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle around a beautiful lake .
A black boy in orange and white trucks on playing in the sand .
A surfer who fell off his surfboard in the ocean while trying to ride a wave .
Spectators laugh as three people ride exercise balls down a field .
Two dogs , one holding a ball .
Two men work under the hood of a white race car .
An army officer is inspecting something .
A woman in a blue shirt walking in a village .
A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers .
A man sits alone with gloves on at a red table that holds a keyboard and many accessories on top of it .
Person in checkered shirt and red pants riding a motorbike down a road .
A black dog springs up into a pool .
Two dogs on the beach .
A man eating and holding a baby with a white hat on .
A group of men , women and children are standing around .
The woman and three dogs are in a field .
An Asian man in white working in a kitchen .
Two people stand next to an inflatable obstacle course with hand holds .
Two middle-aged Asian men with mustaches working with animal hides in a shop .
A race dog 's feet dig in the mud as he makes his way around a curve .
A dirt floor gets swept by one white and one black woman .
Woman dressed in blue sitting on a bench with a cane next to her looking through her purse with a stretch limo behind her with a man and a woman walking in opposite directions from one another .
Children sitting and writing .
Two construction workers with orange jackets are talking .
A scientist looking through a microscope in a lab .
A woman in a grassy field blows on a dandelion .
Children jumping in a pool surrounded by pool chairs and huts .
A woman in an orange jacket sits on a bench .
Decorated limo passing by elderly woman waiting on park bench in Chinese street .
Two men walking , one of which is looking back and the other looking directly ahead .
Several children sitting on the floor in a metal building .
three people standing near each other wearing coats with other people in the background
Woman in black graduation gown with red flower .
Two people are riding bikes in front of a vast mountain range .
A girl shows her camera to other girls .
Eight men are standing on a stage playing instruments .
A man with a beard and glasses sits in the grass next to a pine tree .
a doggy runs in the dry grass .
Three woman bouncing on balls in the grass .
A girl in a purple dress crying on the floor .
somber faced woman wearing dark jeans and a red top sitting on the edge of a porch .
A woman in a red velvet dress and black hat waits by a curb .
A young woman in white working in a professional kitchen .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
People stand outside behind a railing .
A dog tamer creates human jumping ring .
The little boy lifts his leg and swings the bat in an attempt to hit the ball .
A little boy jumps off of a bunk bed onto another bed .
An exhibit of artistic black and white photos .
Two people waving their hands in the air and looking up .
Two workers in sunhats are bent over in a rice paddy .
The people are walking up the ramp and the man in walking on the road .
Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass .
A group of five dark-skinned people sitting at what looks to be a farmer 's market right behind a fruit that is green and spiky .
Woman wearing a gray hat peaking around a rock cliff hanging over an ocean short with rocks in the background .
A black and white dog performs a jump with his owner looking on .
A woman in a gold jacket waiting in the subway .
Two men in blue shirts looking at a soccer game .
Man on crane cutting tree branches .
Two hispanic women and one man unpacking their cart at the grocery store .
A man sitting on railroad tracks eating something and selling something displayed on top of a crate .
Two male spectators
A man on a city street takes a picture while a taxi and bus drive by .
Two cars are driving on a racetrack .
A man smoking a cigarette in front of a horizontal garage .
A cowboy is bucked off a steer while other men watch from the stands .
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers .
A black dog is being squirted with a jet of water .
A man holding up another with his back .
The boy sits in the sand with no shirt .
A group of people sit in a circle outside around a man playing a white accordion .
A construction worker is driving heavy equipment at a work site .
A man in a brown jacket holding a red bag is speaking to another man with a white beard and green cap .
A man with glasses is wearing a beer can crocheted hat .
2 teams of men playing football .
Person in a racing ski outfit and a helmet is skiing while in a squat position .
A jockey with a red helmet is riding a white horse , and a jockey with an orange helmet is riding a brown horse .
Asian looking lady holding a baby while sitting and looking at it .
A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee .
Two medium sized dogs run across the snow .
A young man is in practice .
Two small dogs follow a larger dog with a tennis ball
A lady in the kitchen is pouring wine .
A goalie stands in front of the goal at a hockey game .
A lady standing in front of a lot of elementary school aged children who are sitting on the floor .
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
A woman vending street food .
A man in a black shirt sits beneath a 'no child left behind ' powerpoint presentation .
A group of people sitting at a picnic table eating .
Two children looking at horses through a small fence .
A boy in an orange shirt is pouring Legos from a bag .
A man dressed in a colonial costume is smiling and holding up a bell .
Cars driving down a street lined with ornate walls and power lines .
A woman in an apron drinking a coffee drink and eating a cookie .
A red vehicle is being reflected in a store window while two casually dressed middle-aged men walk and converse .
The woman 's face falls into silhouette as she stands in front of the sun .
Boys look over a bridge on to a lake .
Three people walking uphill
A young boy wearing white pants is jumping off the couch .
A woman in her early fifties walks by herself in the subway , another woman is not far behind .
A group of children playing and having a good time .
A young person is kayaking in blue water .
A girl in black clothes leads the way in a race .
Multiple people in running outfits are running with a cityscape in the background .
A barefooted little girl in a pink dress is mid-flight in a jump .
A woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
A man being hit by a bull during an event , as another man runs to help .
A woman is hugging a man 's arm .
people watching marathon runners .
A man wearing an orange shirt and helmet .
A female soccer player dressed in black .
A man is wearing a black jacket and has on headphones .
Four people in the subway are having fun .
A deer jumps a fence .
There is a lady in a pink coat standing on street with a comical surprised look on her face .
One man in a hooded sweatshirt picking up articles of clothing while a woman in a blue shirt looks on .
Man in a blue shirt practicing karate .
A practicing martial artist is photographed in mid leap slicing through bamboo with his sword .
Two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk , one of the women is carrying a child on her shoulders .
The two dogs , one of which is leaping in the air , are chasing a ball outdoors .
Two cyclists traverse a green terrain .
Two men wearing black wife beater 's playing the drums .
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football .
Two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle .
A young child has a popsicle stick in his mouth .
A man wearing a black hat , white shirt , and black slacks is walking down a road with a cane .
The little girl is walking a beam in gymnastics class .
A man is carrying a large load of metal beams on his shoulder through a lumberyard .
A young man in a green shirt is making a purchase at a store .
An older man in glasses is preparing meat .
Girl wearing blue shirt and black shorts plays trumped outside .
Three men making happy gestures posing for a photograph
A man in a red shirt is eating .
A young boy stands near a sand pyramid .
A brown and white dog fetching a toy .
Two nuns are standing outside .
A woman in a yellow and red outfit is squinting at a computer screen while holding a mouse .
A girl with headphones on sitting and writing in a notebook .
A man in a green shirt is walking on the beach carrying his sneakers .
A man in a suit and hat is playing the guitar on the street .
a black and white dog is jumping fences in a dog show .
There are two men standing beside a market of fruits and vegetables .
A man and a woman are standing on the street in the city .
A boy wearing a cubs uniform winds up to hit a ball on a tee .
A female harp player peers through the middle of her instrument while performing .
A motorcycle cop is getting ready to turn onto a new road .
Little girl kicks black object at karate class .
Man on cellphone walking in front of silver car next to green grass .
A woman in a bikini is pouring a drink for a man .
A man seriously working on something on a desktop .
Two friends happily cheer each other at a restaurant .
Many people stand in a line while a person in white talks on a megaphone .
An Asian girl in glasses is laying in a deep pit of snow .
This man is at work on the street .
A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog .
A man wearing a white and blue striped shirt stands outside .
Slanted aerial view of a cafeteria .
A woman in glasses has her eyes wide open while she is at the dentist .
A boy in midair trying to kick a soccer ball
Three men are walking up hill .
A woman draws a floral design on a clay pot .
A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons .
A boy takes a flying leap into the water .
Two men wearing hats stand together and smile .
Merchants and customers at a market .
Three men accepting an award .
A happy woman is preparing a refreshment at a coffee shop .
Man serving another man a beer without using a cup .
A young female artists paints an image of a woman on a wall .
This is a large group of people sitting outside on benches .
lady helping clean a " dirty " floor
Man in a red shirt riding a trick bicycle on only the rear wheel .
The dog is holding a yellow toy .
A man does skateboard tricks in a parking lot at night .
A musical concert with a crowd cheering to the band on stage .
A young girl in martial arts class kicks a bag .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
A man is reading the newspaper while drinking a glass of wine .
A man is sitting on a bench in front of a large white building .
A professionally dressed woman standing at a podium debating or discussing something of importance .
A large yellow dog is retrieving a stick .
A man sits in a chair watching people stroll by .
Three workers in bright vests are shoveling .
Family standing in a small village .
The Dali Lama during a reception where participants have brought carnations , parasols and prayer flags .
A man with a balloon hat makes balloon animals .
A man signs an autograph in a young boy 's book .
Two defensive players jumping in the air to block a quarterback 's pass .
A group of young Asian people .
Two little girls in pink hats hold hands while wading in water .
Two sweepers work frantically as their curling teammates look on .
A child is watching his friend by the tree .
A boy wearing a red shirt digs into the sand with a yellow shovel .
People are sitting around and playing in a fountain .
A woman wearing plaid pants rides a motorcycle down the road with a pillow and plant secured to the backseat .
Young white male preparing food on the stove top .
Several elderly men are grouped around a table .
Three men are dress up with some colors of blue , orange and white .
Two children standing at the edge of a pool are holding hands while facing other swimmers .
A man is dressed in a costume in front of several goats .
A young man and women near a large metal sculpture
Young male in a white karate outfit with a blue belt wrapped around his waist performs karate moves in front of the judges of the competition .
a woman peering over the edge of a boat while a man walks behind her
A woman with a tattoo and a cellphone stands in front of a picture .
A woman dressed in black .
Two young ballerinas pose before a sign reading " babys " .
An offensive player running with a football while a football player tries to stop him during a football game .
A black , white and brown dog waking in the snow with a red toy in its mouth near an icey tree .
A man is at the beach making a sand sculpture .
A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar .
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack .
A group of young adults taking a break from boating .
A little boy is standing by a sand castle .
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade .
A man with a hat is playing the drum in the street .
A man in a white martial arts robe attempts to submit his opponent wearing a blue robe .
High class group of business people including older men have drinks in park .
The man carries ears of corn in his arms while out in the corn field .
People are looking at children 's toys in a store .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
Several people sit on a train .
a man standing in a bar with a neon beer sign hanging on the wall
little girls in swimsuits are laughing
A black dog runs on green grass with a toy in his mouth .
A smiling man wearing a backpack holds his fists up in front of a boy in glasses .
Five people wearing winter clothing , helmets , and ski goggles stand outside in the snow .
A German shepherd is showing its teeth as it growls at another German shepherd .
A gray and white dog jumping over standing water in the sand .
A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman .
A man strolling down the sidewalk wearing a red shirt and jeans .
A man with brown hair and a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
The man in the yellow pants is raising his arms .
A man in a black jacket playing the guitar .
A man , who is wearing the tan coat , is gambling at a casino slot machine .
A guy dressed in a white uniform with a number 3 on it playing soccer .
Security officers are standing near a sporting event tent .
a man on a bike in the city area .
A man is seen through the window that has intricate detail .
A judo player in white attempts to submit a judo player in blue while on a yellow and red mat .
A man with an orange shirt and sunglasses along with a young boy and train conductor ride a children 's train through a park .
A man wearing a red t-shirt sweeps the sidewalk in front of a brick building .
This man bravely cuts down trees on the job .
A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen .
Crowds of people are all riding bicycles .
Two people dressed as aliens encounter each other on a street .
A Asian women does her hair
A small boy in a red shirt and black shorts pushing a broom outside a house on the driveway next to a toy basketball hoop .
During a race , the blue biker cleared a jump safely , while another biker appears to not be doing as well as the biker jumping .
A little girl in a sweater is laying down on a couch sleeping .
The blond-haired child played on the swing .
Man in a blue shirt and red shorts running .
A British military man is raising his hat .
A family having a turkey dinner .
A man riding a horse as it jumps into the air while an audience watches .
Three construction workers in orange vests speak to one another in front of railroad tracks .
A man in a yellow jacket with the number twelve on his back uses a rod to pull a horse , as people behind a Bud Light sign watch .
A woman uses a drill while another man takes her picture .
a man riding a bike through the forest
A photographer taking a picture of a man jumping down the stairs .
a tan dog holding a stick in his mouth .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket and a hat sits on a park bench
Young boys are hanging out on the sidewalk next to trees , while one boy is exploring the dirt around the tree .
heavy machinery in a construction zone .
Kids getting off a yellow school bus .
a group of people stand around a pool table holding pool stick one is wearing a black and white striped dress .
A young woman is working in a kitchen .
Two children pet horses in a field .
Two soccer teams are on the field .
A man in a gray wife beater grilling .
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .
a woman and three children are in a room full of toys .
Four birds are chasing another bird which has a piece of food in its mouth
Two men is separate canoes are in an area full of lillypads .
A brown dog is walking on the grass .
People waiting at a bus stop .
A dog is jumping over a stream of water on a sandy beach .
Men shoveling snow on a sidewalk in a city .
A woman with neon headphones writes in a notebook .
A woman dressed in black with shopping bags is waiting on the sidewalk .
Two small children walk down a sandy beach .
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below .
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum .
The woman in the red dress is dancing with the man in a suit .
Man in red shirt watches dog on an agility course .
Children petting an animal , a clown is holding .
A red-haired man with dreadlocks is sitting playing and acoustic guitar .
Two men who are riding on two horses both are trying to rope a bull in a rodeo .
An old man with glasses hugs a young woman at a gathering of quite a few people .
A technician preparing a sample in the lab .
A man walking in front of a colorful wall mural .
Two people are walking past a girl who is in a card board box on a sidewalk .
A racetrack with red chairs stacked beside fence with a child walking .
A dude is wearing gloves while doing laundry .
A young Asian mother is attempting to get her baby to rest .
two dogs jump for a ball on a green field .
People are gathered around the table filled with food .
Woman is taking a picture of a baby in a pink hat .
A lone man standing a rock shore looking downward at a inland body of water with a blue ocean or other large body of water behind him extending into the horizon of a blue sky .
A boy in blue shorts and a white shirt begins repelling down a rock .
Young defensive football players executing a tackle on a member of the opposite team during a football game .
A man riding a cart pulled by a donkey .
Two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains .
A young woman is running a marathon in a light blue tank top and spandex shorts .
Several young people congregating by two canoes .
A fluffy black-and-white dog runs from three people on a sandy beach .
A woman dressed in black with a tattoo on her right arm is taking a picture with her camera .
A woman talking to four little children outside .
A guy bending over checking under some stage lights .
A man dressed in Victorian-era clothing plays a piano in the street .
Two girls both dressed in different shades of pink play in the water of a fountain .
two skateboarders wearing their helmets riding down a street .
A man practices a martial arts pose .
Two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side .
a topless boy with long hair who is drenched in water , is flexing his muscles whilst smiling .
A small child wearing a blue and white t-shirt happily holding a yellow plastic alligator .
Some type of snack food being eaten at what appears to be a railroad site .
A girl sitting outside a coffee house on a maroon colored bench with another girl watching her .
A group of men and a child in white shirts are standing in the road .
A man is standing in a boat holding some netting .
Dad is adjusting daughter 's bike .
A racing car with man ads emblazoned on it rounds a corner on a racetrack with two cars close behind it .
Two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by
A woman with a black shirt and tan apron is standing behind a counter in a restaurant .
Men in hard hats and industrial equipment march with children and others in a parade .
An old black man sitting in front of a white and blue shack .
Two girls walk down across a parking lot .
Three young women face each other while sitting on red plush chairs .
A man in midair with his back touching that of another man hunched over
A man on a horse lassos a cow .
Mountain climber safely lands in the water .
A little girl finds joy in playing in a big , sloppy area of mud !
A man wearing long , black shorts stands in front of a body of water .
A woman walking up some stairs .
band doing a concert for people
Two children are walking by a pond
Asian people in a temple praying over a smokey urn .
A young soccer boy crying in the soccer field
A guy in all black and boots is kicking in the air with an arid landscape in the background .
A dog goes through an obstacle course while his owner runs beside him .
Man in khaki pants does elaborate kick in desert
A group of people stands by their dogs in a field .
Two children are climbing a rock wall while two others look on .
A red-haired woman wearing black holds purple sticks and yarn which are part of a sewing kit set .
A woman working on her computer in front of a bright yellow wall .
Three boys climb on a slide
A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track .
2 kids talk to the horses .
Two young boys playing a game on a log while other kids look on .
A young , male adult wearing blue jeans , a green reflective vest , work gloves and a hard hat stood between the rails of a railroad track to the rear of a white truck that is specially built to roll on the tracks .
A woman with short red-hair is in some very cloudy water by a shoreline and only her head is above the water .
A group of people is bike riding in the woods .
Three surgeons operate on a patient while wearing magnifying lenses on their safety glasses .
A group of people are standing in a warehouse .
Two girls ( one dressed in blue , and one dressed in pink ) are racing one another on rollerskates .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
There is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling .
A boy sitting on and looking out from a microscope .
Two young women stop and watch street performers .
A man with a top hat is playing guitar on the sidewalk .
A man in a work uniform passing a tool to another person .
A film crew films a young African boy in a yellow shirt .
A boy riding his scooter with sunglasses on .
A girl and a boy in a park kissing in the grass on a sunny day
Several children are outdoors getting ready to play tug-of-war .
A man in a hat and a man in glasses talk on the side of the road as a man walks past them .
A child in a orange shirt is pouring Legos out of a plastic bag .
A little girl is walking on a balance beam .
A toddler is looking at clothes on a rack .
One man in a black muscle shirt is playing the drums on some overturned buckets .
A man stands next to three video game machines and a beer sign .
Two men are cooking meat on the grill .
An Asian man is cooking eggs in a pan outside while a woman watches .
A person walks in the dark near streetlights .
A family opening up their Christmas presents .
Asian men waiting in line many with earphones in their ears .
An homeless man is rubbing his hands together trying to keep warm .
A brown dog pays no attention to a young woman dressed in black passing nearby .
Black women in bright skirts and tops are dancing .
A black and white dog is playing with a white ball .
These people are walking in a crowd of people .
Several people dancing outside a building .
Girl with green arm band , hair ties , and earrings stands outside .
A gymnast in a blue and pink leotard is standing on her right foot with her left foot in the air and waving a ribbon .
A woman dressed in a red bikini is jumping up in the sand to reach the volleyball hitting it with the palm of her hand while people in the arena watch .
Men dressed up in blue uniforms standing in formation .
A young boy in a soccer uniform crying into his palms .
A group of Asian students in their uniforms .
Three men in same colored vests are in the outdoors .
Two men wearing helmets and orange suits are having a conversation at a construction site .
A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods .
A clean-shaven man getting dressed in a purple shirt and tie in front of the mirror .
People gather under a white tent while some sit at tables .
A woman directs a crowd of people with a loudspeaker .
A group of men are sitting around a table .
A man with graying hair shaves his beard .
A brick wall has colorful graffiti on it .
Am upset young boy is sitting on a skateboard , on some stairs , and is holding a phone .
Four people are sitting at the top of a hill .
Two construction workers are laying sheet metal across beams .
A couple kissing in front of a black Mercedes Benz limousine
A gray-haired man is sitting down with his arm stretched out .
A brown dog is biting a white and tan dog on the snout .
The man with pierced ears is wearing glasses and an orange hat .
A female police officer in a cap and navy uniform smiles while wearing sunglasses outside of a shop .
A rock band playing on stage with the lead guitarist wearing white striped pants and the lead singer in a black shirt and jeans with the bass player in the background .
Several adults are filling their cups and a drink machine .
Four muzzled black and white dogs racing over a jump .
A woman at a fish market is looking at the fish that are frozen .
A boy and a girl are standing on the edge of a lake at sunset .
A chinese man wearing glasses sitting on a chair holding a green beverage .
There is a little boy ready to hit the tennis ball , holding a racquet .
A dark-haired main standing in front of a blue garage door .
Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset .
A girl wearing a baseball cap , white t-shirt and blue shorts is standing in a rock-bottomed , forest-lined mountain stream .
A group of men playing a game of rugby .
City street with ice cream vendor and some people walking a man riding a motorcycle .
A very young boy stares ahead as he is biting onto a small object .
A man is standing with his hands out to his side inside of a green sculpture .
A man dressed in black leather and a cowboy hat is walking around a Renaissance Festival .
Two young men wrestling competitively .
A group of people stand under umbrellas .
A girl plays in an inflatable pool .
A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth .
A businessman prepares to walk into work carrying his bag and a morning coffee .
A girl is drinking from a drinking fountain .
A fallen dirt biker is aided by another .
Construction workers standing behind arrow road signs .
Two men in hard hats working at building a structure .
A worker in a hard hat and orange vest is working .
Two children are playing with a bicycle .
four white guys playing basketball and looks like the white jersey is about to score over the red jersey .
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside .
A man in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
The little boy jumps through the beaded curtain and onto the bed .
The child is having a meltdown on the ground .
A group of dogs stand in the snow .
A group of people standing in front of an igloo .
A little boy dressed in red pants is standing in the street .
a man doing a trick on skateboard
A girl in a green sweatshirt checks out at a store filled with Pokemon items .
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .
A man watches a pan catch fire while cooking in the kitchen .
Two woman are mud wrestling in a kiddie pool .
A horse rider struggles to stay on their mount .
A group of dogs wearing muzzles running a race .
Two men and a woman are having a conversation .
A cop stands in front of a car on a busy street .
A Indian lady sitting making a clothing piece with a young child and older lady looking upon her , young child in the background playing .
A brown dog is running through the grass panting .
A man waring a polo shirt fixes a ticket machine while persons line up at an adjoining machine .
A man prepares his local stand for the days business .
Kids compete to gain possession of the soccer ball .
Two older men with white shirts and black pants playing the cello .
A man in an orange visor crossing the street with a ice cream vendor in the background and a woman about to cross the street as well .
A woman stands behind the counter in the open kitchen of a restaurant .
A guy is jumping and grabbing his foot with a house in the background .
An Asian man in spectacles and a t-shirt preparing some food .
Two women in colorful clothes sit on the ground near their cow .
Three girls are smiling for a picture .
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass .
A woman is skying in a snowy area wearing warm clothing .
People are gathered under a big red " De Koninck " umbrella while men in orange talk to the side .
A man in a red shirt and blue pants is going into a building while a dog watches him .
A tattooed man pours a beer into the mouth of a thin blond man .
People on a subway .
A young girl hanging onto playground equipment .
Four dogs race around a turn .
People are protesting against coal .
Three players bring a team opponent to the ground .
A child is spilling a set of Legos out of a bag onto a table .
Two large black dogs , one small black dog , and one large white dog are standing in some snow .
A child standing near a sand pyramid
A young girl with a dirty face and pink shirt lays her head on the chest of an older woman in coral .
The bride and groom are getting served a drink at their wedding reception .
A bride and her bridesmaids are posing for a picture .
A biker jumps an obstacle .
Two men in the US Army are in uniform and talking with another woman , who is wearing a black sweater with a purse inside of what looks like a conference room .
A man is sawing a piece of wood .
A man in a gray jacket and blue cap shops with other people at the fish market .
Santa Claus being photographed at a holiday media event .
Two men , one with orange glasses , are playing guitars on stage in front of a crowd of onlookers .
A group of young girls wearing blue tops and black skirts standing behind blue music stands .
A man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event .
Two girls in shorts and sweaters are running on the beach .
A man inhaling smoke from a smoke-pot
A man jumps and poses for photographers lying on the ground .
People are walking down a busy street in a foreign country .
two women posing for a picture together outside
A boy makes a jumping dive toward another boy with a soccer ball near .
A man with gauges and glasses is wearing a Blitz hat .
A girl in a red sweater sitting in an archway .
A youth with a black shirt that says " Asian Pacific 2007 " plays a drum while sitting .
A man talks on the phone with his feet up .
A group of men in white shirts perform in a parade .
A boy wearing a orange Doritos jersey jumps up in the air .
Lady with short brown hair and a red and white striped shirt with a name tag taking a sip from a cup .
Kids watch silently from behind a concert barrier .
a woman using a power drill in front of a group of people .
A brown dog is looking at the black horse on the other side of the gate .
Three young girls are walking together down the sidewalk .
People are standing in front of a sculpture surrounded by water .
The man in the yellow jacket is cooking over an open fire as the little boy watches .
This man is looking intently at the concoction he is stirring .
Three dogs running in grass , one carrying a tennis ball in mouth .
A baby in a Christmas outfit looks at the camera .
A woman playing guitar in red and blue light
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle .
A man in a t-shirt is standing with his hands on some type of instrument with a lot of buttons on it , with fake fog in the background .
View of a Victorian building in the background with various people walking in the foreground .
A child wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
A man and a woman walking past a brick wall , covered in graffiti .
A black dog is running across the grass carrying something in its mouth .
A smiling young girl swimming in a lake or river that has murky water .
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .
A young boy is playing with a yo-yo .
Several students waiting outside an igloo .
Two ice hockey players
A group of children are sitting and standing in a building with a red floor .
Picture of a train and people in a subway .
Three girls wearing jackets running outside .
Two skateboarders wearing helmets are going around a turn .
A band prepares as they stand on a platform .
Two women are eating seated on the grass with hiking gear .
Players in yellow jerseys are on the field .
A man on a brown coat is talking to a man with black pants and a man in a suit .
A group of men and women dressed is formal black dresses and suits holding their music books and singing .
Three young girls in arts and crafts room .
Black dog running across sand .
A woman and child are walking .
Child with curly hair laying in a field holding a dandelion .
A woman in a dress walking down the street past a construction site .
A man helping a boy ride a bike .
Africans at an organized event .
A man driving a four wheeled vehicle with four passengers riding on the front and a man sitting sideways on the back .
A little girl is holding a little boy on her lap .
A baseball player in red leaps into the air to avoid a player in blue , who is shortly behind him as he catches the ball , while other blue team members look on in the background .
A man is stooping in front of a billboard .
Four girls and a lady learning how to do some crafts .
Four people are riding bicycles on a bike path near a busy street .
Man carries bike over obstacle
A uniformed soldier is kneeling on the ground looking at a metal object .
People sit in green chairs at tables in the street .
Two men , both with hats on , are playing volleyball on a beach .
A older gentleman and a young girl begin to work on a puzzle together .
A woman on the uneven bars doing a gymnastics exercise while people are watch her out of focus .
A woman with long blond-hair walks in front of a parked white car .
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
Four people are playing football by a body of water in partly cloudy weather .
A man attempts to start a flying model of a bi-plane with British air force rondel markings .
Two fans are cheering at a sporting event .
Two football players compete for the ball while another teammate looks on .
A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera .
Man doing a back flip into the ocean .
A man in a white shirt playing a white guitar standing in front of a microphone with the light casting a somewhat reddish hue on his shirt
A man with work clothes on standing on the back of a truck .
Woman and child outside the front door of their scenic home .
People on laptops in front pf a large window .
Three young adults talk in a crowd of people , the woman looks upset .
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle .
Mexican villagers are buying potatoes at an outdoor market .
A small African child carries a younger child on his back .
two dogs jump in a snowy field with snowcapped rocks in the background
Group of people near a water fountain and a city skyline .
Military Families are marching through New York on a rainy day .
A shirtless man with multiple earrings , a necklace , and holding drumsticks , is voicing into a microphone behind cymbals .
A large man in a white shirt rides a brown horse that is bucking and has its two front feet off the ground .
A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post in the street .
multiple people in a park eating at a picnic table
A group of children playing in a yard , a man in the background .
dogs racing
Men in uniform are standing on a street .
Two men cooking fast food .
A girl floating wearing a life vest .
A man in uniform is standing in front of a large building .
A man in a brown coat rubs his nose .
A man is photographing a piece of paper with his smartphone .
A man throws a fishing net into the bay .
Several people walking past a food cart on a city street .
A football player in a white uniform is holding a football .
Two well-dressed men chat .
Four motorcycles are racing on a dirt track .
A man is playing music with a trumpet .
A man sits at a table outdoors and watches people .
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .
The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing .
A man and a woman in white shirts are hugging each other .
a woman walking her dog and another woman is pushing a stroller .
a man is sitting by the sidewalk .
Two musicians are entertaining people in a city park , the flute player is wearing a blue feather boa .
A red race car is rounding the corner , ahead of the other cars .
A group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .
Three men are examining a red and white race car .
A vendor in a yellow shirt and black cap presents his wares at a baseball game .
There are five people working at a table .
A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view .
Six kids splash in water
Men wearing red and white stripe shirts and wearing blue hats carrying flags outside a brick building .
A person upside down on a water board .
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth .
A dark-haired bearded man in glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is sitting on the grass .
A blond child swinging on a swing .
A blue train collides with a small car on the tracks .
A young smiling child holds his toy alligator up to the camera .
Two men converse along the sidewalk .
Three men wearing brightly colored costumes take to the streets with wigs and crazy sunglasses .
Park Ranger looking very stern today
The strangely dressed guys , one wearing an orange wig , sunglasses with peace signs , and a karate costume with an orannge belt , another wearing a curly blue wig , heart shaped sunglasses , and a karate outfit painted with leaves , and the third wearing pink underwear , a black afro , and giant sunglasses .
A man on stage next to a microphone .
A young boy is dumping a bag of Lego 's onto a glass table .
An older woman and a young child in a pink shirt playing with multicolored blocks .
A woman is standing in a green field holding a white dog and pointing at a brown dog .
A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks .
A woman carrying a guitar is walking through a wooded area .
A white and brown dog jumps towards a red ball .
A girl in a red shirt jumps up to hit a tennis ball .
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court .
Three women in costume are holding papers that say " I love you " .
A young man with long hair practices skateboarding .
Two people with their hands expressively out towards a sporting event 's field .
Two men are riding on a wooden vehicle pulled by two donkeys : one black and one gray .
A young male wearing a red bathing suit is doing a backflip off of a dock and into the water .
A little girl is standing outside ready to brush the black goat 's coat .
A mother teaches her two young boys to fish off of a rocky coast into very blue water .
A man is riding a bike inside of a structure .
A lot of people at the market looking at various different things .
A woman peeks out from behind a rock with the ocean in the background .
A woman sitting on her couch , by the front windows , reading a book .
A basketball player in white squats while a player in red moves toward him .
Some leaping over a high bar in Barcelona .
A girl is playing the violin in the street while her band mate on the guitar is talking on her cellphone with a confused look .
A man in a lab coat looks through a microscope .
A little boy jumps high off his bed .
a girl on a swimsuit stretching her leg next to the beach
Two young boys sitting on a sunlit floor smiling and holding a black lab puppy .
A man in dark clothing watches a model airplane fly above an empty field .
A little boy chases ducks through the leaves .
An eastern Indian man with a mustache and glasses is sitting by a computer .
A woman wearing a black tank top and a cross necklace stares off into the distance near sunset .
A woman in a red skirt is walking on the street with graffiti in the background .
A man in dress clothing playing a brown piano .
A dog begging to a man and a woman .
Two boys in long-sleeve shirts are reaching and staring upward .
A female volleyball player wearing a bikini jumps and spikes the ball .
A baseball catcher trying to tag a base runner in a baseball game .
At least one woman and several men are standing around outside an office building .
In foreground , a woman in pink jeans is helping a child in a heart t-shirt to skate , while cyclists and others walk in background with palm trees .
The blond girl is dancing inside a house .
Two young men riding on a very small horse-drawn wagon full of potatoes .
A man gets a kiss on the cheek .
A person in a hood is standing in front of a run down building .
An Asian bride , wearing a white wedding dress , is holding a bouquet of flowers while her bridesmaids are standing in the background .
Four young teens having fun at a cookout .
A dog climbs a hill .
A female athlete is high jumping at the 2010 Barcelona .
A man in a black sweater and cap looks at a paper while drinking out of a wineglass .
A man wearing a white button down shirt looking out of a window of a train .
a black dog with a blue tag running on a beach
A man in a uniform walking on a street with two cars and a tree .
A team plays ball in the sand as a few spectators look on from the stands .
a man smoking a cigarette and wearing a yankees hat trying to operate a camera .
Asian school children are on a field trip listening to a speech , except for one girl who is posing for the camera .
A man in a yellow coat tends a fire , a boy in a parka watches .
A man waits at a light to cross the street .
Man jumping with a rock formation in background .
Four people playing hockey in an ice rink .
A man jumps in the middle of a rocky desert .
A woman in a sweater is laughing .
On horseback a man attempts to rope a young bull .
A busy plaza with three young women with an umbrella and buckets full of possessions , possibly homeless .
Two Bicyclers with backpacks going through the fields with mountains in the background .
a man in a gray shirt holds his hands in the air .
Young sumo wrestlers stand before a man reading from an official-looking document .
A large group of kids in a room sitting on front of there computers with orange barriers separating them .
A man gives the thumbs up as he grills chicken .
A young boy leans against a car adorned with floral arrangements while the driver looks on .
Two young men in black and white t-shirt are walking down the street with a girl in a pink shirt and patterned leggings .
A man stands next to three video machines .
A blond pregnant woman in a black shirt is standing in the kitchen with her hand on her belly holding something in her mouth .
Girls in bright costumes holding little signs that say Iove you .
A woman is playing toys with a young toddler sitting on a red mat .
Two men , one sitting , one standing , are playing their guitars on stage while the audience is looking on .
A man on a bicycle rides on a mountain .
A spray painted hand showing the peace side at the entrance of a small road with a young man in a red shirt riding his bike through it .
A blond boy is sitting in a stroller holding a Korean language book .
A man wearing a green t-shirt sits with his legs on a ledge and talks on the phone .
a man holds his dog near a pond .
A Chinese + man and younger boy in some type of worship place worshiping .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a dark blue shirt talking .
A little boy in a striped shirt and jeans is running .
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
some of the people in the crowd are having a drink
Three people wearing black are posing .
A man hangs upside in the air over the water .
A girl hops across the river , from rock to rock .
A girl drinking from a water fountain .
Two female soldiers standing in a crowd .
Two Indian men participating in a ceremony .
People in a restaurant waiting .
A young girl with goggles is floating in the pool .
During a soccer match , a member of the red team is pursued by 3 members of the blue team .
Girl listening to purple headphones at a coffee shop
An individual wearing blue latex gloves is compressing foods into juice with the aid of an instrument .
There are three people in jeans and shirts standing outside with spray cans .
A woman named Amanda is applying lipstick to her lips .
The goaltender is crouching in front of the goal .
A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition .
A soldier is looking out of a window .
Two men , wearing black shirts , are playing the drums in a very urban area .
A woman in black clothes with one leg up .
Old man wearing a hat and coat sleeping sitting up on a sofa .
A woman standing around amid other people who are all wearing green .
A woman and two men , that are dressed professionally , are having a discussion .
Young man carrying boxes of beer down the street .
Man walking away from building with large tunnel-like entrance holding a drink and a man going into the entrance .
group of children playing soccer .
Men tend meat at the makeshift barbecue .
A woman with blond-hair wearing a black shirt is standing , looking down in a home kitchen .
Pedestrians interact with street artists .
A man dressed in a reflective vest is pulling cabling out of a truck .
A tennis player strikes the ball .
A man in an orange vest works near a blue-draped fence and black and orange wires .
Several people , including a shirtless man and a woman in purple shorts which say " P.I.N.K. " on the back , are walking through a crowded outdoor area .
A tourists shopping at a local dive shop .
The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet .
A small boy plays with plastic blocks , cars , and animals with an adult watching closely .
A man and woman talking are interrupted and a man covers his face .
A shirtless young man in black shorts stands on the rocks staring at the water .
Three democrat supporters hold signs for an election .
The elderly man is enjoying time in the park visiting with friends .
Red white and blue SUV patrolling the beach and shoreline on a cloudy day while seagulls walk in the sand .
A teppanyaki chef prepares dinner for restaurant guests .
People getting near fire to warm hands .
A family is sitting at a table ready to eat dinner .
a man with long hair pulled into a ponytail and thick framed black glasses stands at a stove stirring a pot of boiling water .
A businessman giving a powerpoint presentation .
A band performing and entertaining on stage at a Valentine 's Day event .
A man wearing a harley-davidson hat working in a cornfield .
Two men with curling brushes are on an ice rink next to a curling rock , with a man in a red jacket nearby , and three other people in the background .
A man and a woman are sitting on the base of fence having a conversation .
A blue boat and orange boat float among lilypads in an outdoor setting .
A boy in a lavender shirt sits on his bike on a large gray dock .
A police officer walking out of his parked vehicle and about the approach a yellow vehicle .
A person is looking at the computer on a desk with a phone and a box .
two brown dogs running through the snow .
A man playing tennis .
A man with a mustache prepares to hammer a nail into a piece of tree .
A smiling woman in a brown shirt leans on a man in a sweater .
Young boy wearing apron standing on step stool cutting meat with butter knife .
Two dogs are playing outside .
A woman and little boy are smiling and the child is tasting something on a long wooden spoon .
A woman with long hair is meditating on a beach .
A man jogging with his two thumbs up in the air , while making a funny face .
A man , wearing revolutionary period clothes , is ringing a bell .
A little girl with blond-hair is playing and splashing in a mud puddle .
A guy with a yellow outfit on standing behind a microphone under a tent .
A cowboy is viciously thrown about as he attempts to hold on to a horse he is riding in a rodeo competition .
People leaning on a railing .
A maze of blue and yellow walls in front of a lady
Two men in army uniforms stand next to a woman .
A young boy jumps off of a wooden dock and into the water .
A crowd gathered around a park water fountain in the rain .
During a concert , a man is standing on a stage looking down at the crowd .
An old woman is choosing fresh herbs at the market .
a brown dog with a brown collar digging in the sand
A group of people stand , talking at a soccer game .
A young boy wearing a red jumpsuit smiles while riding a motorbike .
Turbaned man and two police officers stand in front of a white canopy and a pile of garbage bags
A softball player dressed in a maroon and gold uniform , at home plate with a catcher and umpire , prepares to run after hitting the ball .
Two men ride on a rural road in a flatbed vehicle pulled by two horses .
Two guys , one with short black hair and the other one with long blond-hair , are playing the drums .
A man in a black and white jersey is holding yellow ski poles and preparing to take off .
Basketball players try to block a ball from going into the goal .
There is a goalie in a swimming pool blocking the ball .
A woman in blue shorts is walking near a large rock in a shallow river .
Two young children are on sand .
Two men and a woman walking together .
A woman in brown and a man in gray look at the camera .
A little boy in a striped polo shirt plays tennis .
A boy performs a trick on his skateboard on a rail .
A man , wearing black jeans and a gray shirt , stands in the front of a classroom writing on a chalkboard .
Two boys wearing red jackets are digging shovels into the dirt , the smaller boy in the yellow boots has a mohawk .
Man with gray beard sitting on the sidewalk with bags on either side of him .
Two people sitting on a kayak in calm water looking at a marvelous sunset .
A black dog bites at a stream of water on the grass .
A policeman is leaning in picked up front to all of the bus as he looks at an old lady passenger getting off he makes a fish face pout
Two people wearing hats are standing in a field tending to a crop .
A small child kissing a cat on the kitchen counter .
Fall shoppers and bistro food lovers caught in the ebb and flow of the city .
multiple teenagers outdoors racing against each other while sitting on bouncing balls .
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him , in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables .
A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders .
A man performing a trick on a bicycle by standing on the pedals while the bike is upright .
Asian woman standing near machinery give peace sign .
Many men in suits waiting , one man is on his cellphone .
Two people wearing all white are painting a brick wall .
The groom has just kiss the bride after they were pronounced man and wife , as she worn her white wedding gown carrying her white and pink bouquet , and as he worn his black tuxedo and white shirt .
Two boys lifting a dirt bike .
A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her .
Four dog owners stand with their three prize winning dogs .
A black dog is retrieving a ball in water .
A dark-haired woman wearing glasses , a red jacket and jeans sitting on a bench on the sidewalk .
Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling .
A dog leaping over a hurdle .
2 men going up a mountainside .
The man is on his knees while reading to the two women .
A man is bent over working outside under red green and yellow flags .
A couple looking at a map .
A man with a striped shirt , blue jeans and a red kerchief in his pocket is being thrown off a brown irate horse while a brown and tan horse is buckling while the crowd is watching
A child looks bewildered as he lies next to his red sled .
Two men and a woman standing in a circle having a conversation .
A young girl has lifted her friend and is carrying her in her arms .
One white man and one african american man sitting at a long table that has colored note cards spread out on it .
Two people standing next to a tree on the ground .
A man with mismatched shoes sits in front of an entrance .
one man in a hat flips over another man back in the grass .
A food vendor holds up a bag of snacks and a bottle as he stands in the crowd at a sports venue .
A girl bowling at a bowling alley .
Kids scale a wall as two other people watch .
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water .
A bunch of people in orange shirts at an event .
A woman in a pick shirt is holding a shovel near a woman in brown sweeping , while a third woman sits on a stoop .
Three children are posing on a playground slide .
kids playing on a rock looking at mud .
A boy is leaning on a car with flowers on the hood .
A woman is getting ready to eat on the side of a road .
Two women in fluffy skirts dancing to music played by men , asking for money , while others pass them by .
A tribal performance of dance and song of three individuals .
Three boys are playing with sponges and buckets of water .
A woman texts on her phone while surrounded by umbrellas .
Three men are cooking in a kitchen .
A little girl with blond-hair is eating a cookie in a highchair .
This captures two athletes playing a game of water Vally-ball .
A woman is propping her leg up revealing cleavage , a great tatoo , and some kicking boots .
Young boy playing with Legos .
Man in long-sleeve shirt mows his lawn .
A man with a cowboy hat , cane and suspenders walks down a country road .
two dogs playing with a ball .
People gathered on a sidewalk listening to a man play an instrument .
Three men work behind a short wall .
A group of people linger on the side of a road .
A woman wearing a black athletic uniform has the number 1102 on her and she is running .
A small white car is stuck on the track , while the train car that hit it at a slow speed , sits still , as a rescue worker helps the driver .
a great Dane climbing a steep hill
Many fishermen are trying to drag a boat to the shore from the sea .
A woman in jeans walks by a bus with an ad depicting a woman peering over her sunglasses .
A man is leaning over and pulling something out of a bag .
The four people sit on a pile of rocks .
The picture shows several people eating at outdoor tables .
A man is cooking on a stove in a kitchen , using wooden utensil .
A child falling back to kick a soccer ball .
A woman wearing a black hat grinds flour using two stones .
A boy with writing on his hand is standing in a store .
A singer with medium-short curly white hair , wearing a white sleeveless t-shirt , is accompanied by a guitarist who has long white hair and wears a black shirt .
Two dogs on a wet , sandy track .
A brown dog digs in the sand .
A bride and groom kiss under the bride 's veil .
A man wearing sunglasses in a backhoe dumps dirt onto the ground .
Man playing slots in a casino .
His eyes filled with joyous expectation , a skier prepares for a jump .
Four asian women dressed in yellow dresses perform a ballet .
A person in jeans , half-hidden by an umbrella .
A dog owner is running along side his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .
A martial artist wearing white uniform with a blue belt in a defensive pose .
Two young girls walk together down a street in front of a gas station .
Several ladies gathered around a table engaged in an electronics project
Five people gather around a pile of potatoes and collect some to put into bags .
A man and a woman work in a field , both wearing large hats .
Man in white shirt descends a rock cliff .
A baseball player for the Saints is pitching the baseball .
A little girl wearing a navy skirt is climbing on some silver poles .
A man wearing a white cowboy hat , blue shirt , and black vest , is riding a black bull at a rodeo stadium .
Two children , a boy in a yellow shirt and a girl in blue and white stripes , swinging .
A town worker working on electrical equipment .
Two men are crafting items in a workshop with tools .
A group of preteens jumping at the same time .
two guys drinking beer outside on a bench .
Old people are playing bocce ball .
There is a man with yellow pants and a man with black pants .
A man in white pants and a blue shirt is kicking a yellow boxing bag .
Two African women wearing purple and lime green skirts are dancing in within a circle of clapping women in similar ensembles .
a kid riding a skateboard .
Many people outside on bicycles .
A naked little girl splashing in a mud puddle
A toddler mixes some food in a bowel .
Police officer watching woman exit from bus .
Young children are performing karate moves while their teachers look on .
A little boy playing with a red ball near the forrest .
An african family are standing in front of some makeshift houses .
Two men wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking near a body of water during sundown .
Girl graduating from college with flower necklace on .
A woman in a restaurant pouring wine into a clear glass .
A man with his arms outspread who looks like he is filled with ecstatic joy is jumping vigorously from old , weathered , yellowed stairs as a man in a green shirt beneath him is lying on his back and seeming to be photographing him or making a video of what is happening .
African woman standing near a hut with pots and jugs .
A child looking through a telescope .
A man wearing a helmet and sunglasses smiles .
The girls dance to the street musicians
A girl in black runs a race .
This is people doing laundry .
Several people walking at the park with a little girl in green shirt holding on to an adult wearing a white shirt .
A woman wearing black pants and black jacket is holding a pair of glasses .
A bike rider is airborne with a daytime sky in the background .
A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .
Two women in shorts run down a beach along the water .
A man in a blue shirt is kicking a yellow object while other students are practicing karate in the background .
A man and a woman in a very intimate dance .
Three young children are walking through a grassy yard .
A group of costumed adults , including a devil and a sorcerer , look on as a man dressed as a sea captain speaks into a microphone while standing next to a man in a brown suit who is holding a large fruit basket .
A man creates a sculpture with a hammer and chisel .
People waiting for a subway train : one man in a black suit sitting on bench and three women standing or walking .
A little boy sitting in the window of a taxi cab .
Three men standing around a car on a racetrack .
A large group of people walking down a city street .
A man and a dog sit on a bench near a body of water .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
Children playing on a playground .
A woman puts her arm on a person sitting in a wheelchair .
A couple embrace and kiss on the sidewalk in front of a parked limo as a pedestrian walks by them .
A person in a bandanna stands on the street in front his things .
A man talking to a family unit holding some sort of probing device as they look on and smile to be polite .
Two bald ladies are wearing red dresses .
Kids play in the water
A woman with blond-hair is sitting in a booth with a drink working on her laptop .
A man in Brazil giving an informal talk to young adults .
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .
A man is resting next to his upside down bicycle taking his glove off .
a band performs before their fans as they put their hands in the air .
An African-American boy wearing blue shorts , a black and red shirt , and white sneakers , is playing tennis .
Umbrellas and junk sitting in a messy room .
A person in a white t-shirt , military print cap and red bandanna with a skeleton on it covering most of the person 's face .
A boy in a blue jersey kicks a soccer ball into the head of a boy in an orange jersey .
At an outdoor event , one man is speaking into a megaphone while another man is holding the megaphone .
Two men stop to chat on the sidewalk as a car passes by .
a man with a black vest holding a model airplane
A beige dog runs behind a white dog holding a yellow toy .
A kid with white shirt and gray shorts and croc shoes is playing with a yo-yo
A young adult is doing a back flip on a trampoline near a lake .
A woman talks to her newborn child .
Two dancers are practicing ballet technique .
A toddler eats a cookie with both hands .
A man cooking at a restaurant in front of diners .
Three people stand underneath and umbrella in front of a crowd of people .
Five people look out toward the ocean .
two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed
A child laying on the floor .
A group of people walk along a sidewalk .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A large number of people walk or rest near a fountain .
A woman in a dress walks past a construction zone .
Two men jumping excitedly at a rocky beach .
A man in sunglasses walking down a street carrying three cases of beer .
A man and two girls show off a fish while holding fishing poles in front of a body of water .
Seven children , three of which are riding bicycles traveling along a dirt path in a rural setting with a mountain in the background .
Three people walk down the street with a camera in hand .
A blond woman pours a glass of wine in a dim restaurant .
A man using a chainsaw to cut lumber .
A group of workers are preparing batter for food in a restaurant of some kind .
Two small children with older man plating a tree .
A lady wearing a redish sweater and jeans is sitting with hands on her left knee
A hockey game is being played with lots of people watching it .
A man share a Carlsberg toast with someone .
Three girls in jackets walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
Two dogs are fighting over a toy and another dog is chasing them .
Three dogs play with each other out in the field .
The football players are running to get the ball .
In a outdoor market two men shovel snow and slush out of the path .
Two people climb a sheer cliff face on a clear day .
A man and woman watching a sports event in a stadium .
Some children are playing tug-of-war with a rope while an adult assists .
A man wearing headsets and sunglasses is walking down the street .
A little boy in a red shirt is sweeping the floor on a porch .
Elementary school students play tug-of-war .
Several people are standing and staring up at a work of art .
A man wearing a jacket , hat and jeans at a market
People standing around incense , wafting the smoke into their faces .
A woman in a red shirt is raising her arm to the crowd below .
a man wearing leather pants , a leather vest and a cowboy hat is standing here .
A number of people are sitting in blue chairs in a room , looking at computer screens while wearing earphones .
This is a man dressed in yellow holding the reign of a brown horse
kid in sunglasses running
A man in a red jacket and a child with a mohawk dig with shovels at a park near the beach .
Group of elders playing instruments under a tent by the water .
A photo is taken of a mirror reflection of a cafe .
A woman stands in the doorway of a room filled with open umbrellas in this slanted photo .
A family sitting on rocks posing for the camera .
Many people in the crowd look at the stage , some with balloons .
Several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of Thailand .
A man in a black , white , and red uniform is holding yellow ski poles and racing or preparing to race .
Two people in orange shirts sits at a table on the right of a group of people in blue shirts in front an old building .
A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background .
man wearing a harmonica playing the guitar and singing
A worker is wearing a orange jumpsuit stands near a blue hose , as he appears to be working on the job .
A girl in a sweater is blocking the suns rays .
A woman wearing a black and white shirt , glasses and has a ring on her right hand , is smiling , while sitting on what appears to be a sofa with a blanket throw on the back of it .
A male worker with his tool box is kneeling next to two women .
While working a woman makes a peace sign and smiles so big it makes her eyes close .
2 blond girls are sitting on a ledge in a crowded plaza .
An elderly woman cutting fruit at a market .
A group of army personnel in uniform , wearing their hats upside down .
Blond boy waterskiing .
Three girls smiling for the camera .
A child playing in the ocean .
A man with an apron and hat cooking .
A man with glasses stirs a pot on the stove .
A horse and dog look at each other in a field .
A man is being pulled by a donkey .
Teenager standing up with a headband on
Young people hang out at a party .
Children sitting on a bench eating something out of a small cup .
A child is jumping into an inflatable swimming pool .
Two bald drag queens in red dresses
A man dressed in boots and a cowboy hat sits atop a horse that is jumping while spectators sit in the stands .
A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop waiting for a bus .
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store .
A very young boy wearing a green long-sleeve shirt is laying on a bed at a store .
Many kids are sitting and taking notes .
A man in a black leather coat is standing in front of a sign .
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
Two males in cowboy hats , one a young man in a dark blue shirt and the other , an adolescent in a light pink shirt , are preparing for something in a ranch or fair setting .
A group of people in white shirts stand on a grass pitch covered with many dark balls .
A man with a pensive look on his face shave off his beard .
Two army soldiers and a woman talking in an office .
A man is riding a scooter in front of a store .
A mural of children on a brick wall .
A man in a black windbreaker strumming on a large stringed instrument on the sidewalk in front of a building .
Three farmers harvest rice out in a rice field .
Two men are working in a shop .
Two blond men rocking out on a dark stage .
Two dogs play catch with a ball in a field .
A man in a white shirt stands high up on scaffolding
A group of people on a street gather together to listen to an accordion .
A lady wearing a headset and a microphone talking on the phone and standing next to a light pole waiting to cross the street .
A gentleman is riding his bike in the city .
A man sits at a restaurant table reading a newspaper , with another man seated at the table next to him .
Man looking out the window of a train .
A man in a red hat and a woman in black sitting in plastic chairs on grass .
A young boy about to hit a baseball off of the tee .
Men playing volleyball , with one player missing the ball but hands still in the air .
Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass .
A man in a black jacket plays the guitar out in public .
A cheerleading team doing a routine on chairs .
A bald man in a black shirt with a girl sitting on his shoulders walking in the street .
A kid is holding a broom and sweeping his property .
Asian workers gleaning in a field .
A girl dressed in black is posing for the camera .
Two men sit casually in folding chairs , gesturing , and speaking to one another .
Woman holding a sandwich in one hand and a cup in another hand , with her purse hanging on her shoulder .
A small child in water with a splash encircling him while the white clouds float over the mountains .
Three girls talking in a lobby .
a dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth .
A goalie in a yellow field is protecting the goal .
A bald man demonstarting how high his brown and black dog can jump .
The feet are shown of a person who just fell off of their surfboard .
A group of men standing on the street .
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
The brown dog is rolling around in the dirt .
A young blond girl is sitting in a wooden chair backwards , looking into the distance .
A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders .
A lady is laying on a brown plaid couch .
Two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs .
three rugby players in black strips are pulling the player in red to the ground .
A man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope .
Large woman in pink shirt putting on red lipstick .
People on a street going about their business .
Two women looking at an Asian decoration that looks like a collage .
Two young girls dressed in pink reach into wishing fountain at mall .
A man in a sombrero on a chestnut horse is ahead of several other men on horses .
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
Several Asian men wearing black clothing in some kind of station .
A little girl in a blue outfit is climbing on metal railings in the street .
Four dogs stand in the snow .
A football quarterback dropping back and planting his feet to throw a pass .
A man stands on his motorcycle while doing a wheelie .
A building is getting demolished .
A group of people do tricks on motorbikes .
The team of men are playing a game in the sand .
Guy in Art Deco Glass Home .
A large gray sea deck and a guy on the bike .
Two men on a produce cart driven by a horse .
A man wearing striped pants and a black and white checked hat plays an electric guitar while a man holding a microphone and another man holding a guitar stand in the background .
Woman standing in front of a large pot holding the lid and wearing a yellow apron .
A man with a red suit is dancing with a lady .
Two children wearing hats are standing on the shoreline , and a woman is holding one child by the arm while the other is fishing .
Shaft of light in a cave shows three spelunkers
One man in the hole of a tire in water , and another man getting up from the water next to him .
Five people walking up a set of stairs led by a woman in a pink shirt and brown skirt .
A crowd of people gathered in a public place outdoors sitting at picnic tables .
A woman with a green shirt takes a drink from a water fountain .
A group of people are climbing in cold weather .
A young boy living in the suburbs walks up the sidewalk holding an american flag .
An older woman in a red blouse standing in front of her wares .
A man controls a large equipment board .
A shopkeeper sweeps the front of his store .
Two teenage girls hugging , one wearing a bicycle helmet , with cyclists in the background .
A woman with black sunglasses is posing for a photo on top of a large rock outdoors .
A little boy squats while playing with a yellow plastic shovel .
A person is standing on jagged rocks above the water below .
A group of teenagers jumping and having a good time .
A person is writing on a chalkboard in a empty classroom .
A man with an orange jacket and blue hat climbing a snowy mountain .
A colorfully dressed young man with visible skin lesions is sitting and smoking a cigarette .
Musicians play guitar and brass instruments underneath a white roof .
A dog running with tongue hanging out .
A man is laying down in the grass at a beautiful park .
A man is walking on a paved surface backdropped by a large art mural .
Two children are sitting on a stool on the front outside of a white door .
The dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth .
A woman in a striped-tunic on a bicycle .
Two children and a woman are sitting on a sofa , one of the children has a camera .
A man wearing a red t-shirt and jeans is walking outside a shop with green and white checkered walls .
A man in uniform talks into a microphone to a group of people in various costumes .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
Old man riding a bicycle while a black Honda SUV drives by in the background .
A little girl is walking her bike a lawn .
A cowboy is attempting to lasso a calf while riding a horse .
Two men pretend to be statutes while women look on .
Football players tackle a member of the opposing team on a water drenched field .
A man in blue shorts and sitting in the pool watches a boy get out of the water .
A group of people and a headless , legless mannequin are in a park .
A woman dressed in black boots , black jacket , and a black hat wonders who is taking this picture of her .
A group of people outside of a building .
A worker in an orange work suit is kneeling down inspecting a piece of machinery .
A crackhead is pretending to keep his hands warm but actually he is smoking crack .
Four people relaxing on a grassy hill overlooking a rocky valley .
Two women runners in athletic shorts and bras going down a city street .
Three women in elaborate costumes hold up " I Love You " cards .
A lady with red-hair is submerged from the neck down in what looks like cold water .
An unshaven man sits in front of an evergreen tree .
A little boy in the air above another boy on the ground where a soccer ball lies at his feet with the soccer net behind them .
A man cooks with a pot on the stove in the kitchen , two other men observe .
Lady in a red shirt cooking .
A group of spectators watch a men 's sand volleyball game .
A man in a white shirt walking in front of an old building .
A man and a woman read a book while their friend has a drink .
A man in a laboratory coat looking into the lenses of a microscope .
A young boy and an old men involved in some type of ritual ceremony .
Two women one in blue the other in pink rollerskating .
3 boys are standing on a pier in their bathing suits .
Punk rocker playing the drums and singing .
Several pedestrians in front of a fountain .
A woman in a white shirt works behind the counter at a cafe .
Dog wearing a coat running in a snowy field .
Two women in shorts are running on the beach next to the water .
Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling .
A red flower-box filled with green flowers lies on the stone windowsill behind iron grating along a side street .
A man eating at an outdoor restaurant
The man is on a computer playing with sound effects .
Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other .
A girl in a red shirt is playing tennis .
A man is standing in front of a classroom full of students teaching about Brazil
Young child and woman with glasses playing with toys on a red rug .
One skater is wearing a blue shirt with black shorts and the other skater is wearing a red shirt with black shorts .
An aerial view of a man sitting at a desktop computer .
Construction workers deal with removing railroad tracks .
Two young men in long jackets stand under an umbrella in front of a brick wall with graffiti .
A man wearing a baseball hat and jacket reads while sitting in an Italian restaurant .
He is smoking looking at the person .
People sit on a bench in a city square with random objects including a lamp and a dressmakers form standing nearby .
a young boy jumping from a bunk bed on a smaller bed .
Three men and two women stand facing the ocean from the shore on a sunny day .
A bride poses on a boardwalk while her bridal party stands behind her .
Two girls participate in a softball game .
A man in a black hat and jacket is riding his bicycle .
A girl dressed up in a red dress and a hat with long brown hair .
Two girls wearing pink have their hands in or near a fountain in a shopping complex where people throw coins in it .
A cowboy in a rodeo trying to beat the 8 second clock .
People sitting outside a house enjoying wine .
A man with a cigarette in his mouth fixing a plate of food .
Two Black women in a brown motorcycle amidst many other motorcycles with the woman in the rear giving a smile to the camera .
A blond woman in a black shirt standing in a kitchen .
A woman in a red shirt and black pants riding a white horse on brown grass .
Four dark-haired adolescent boys , three wearing blue and one wearing red , are playing soccer on a green grass field .
A man in green jumps serveral motorbikes on his own motorbike .
People sitting in a circle outside a large building .
Little girl in kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange cat .
A craftsperson making metal objects .
A player in a white and red uniform goes for a layup , while the player with a red and black uniform blocks the attempted shot .
A woman in a pink sweatshirts holds a bouquet of balloons while sitting on a folding chair .
One soccer player in an orange uniform getting hit in the face by a ball kicked by a player in blue .
A boat captain steering a large green wheel .
People are standing around inside and one of them is wearing a fedora and a striped zip hoodie
A woman in a pink overcoat is looking surprised while talking to someone in a purple coat , on the streets in front of Vitamin Shoppe .
A man riding a vehicle pulled by a donkey in the run down area of town .
A woman playing volleyball at the beach .
A man wearing a backpack is walking down the street .
A woman in a pink skirt is holding a baby .
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track .
A woman and three children .
A man who wearing blue color jacket and light green color trouser is cleaning his fishing nets after went for fishing .
There is an outline of a male and female observing a bonfire or other large burning wooden object .
A wet , smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised .
Two dancers performing in the spotlight , on stage .
A man listening to music on a park bench .
A child in a harness laying on the sidewalk .
A man in white apron and blue shirt is cooking eggs outside for a woman in a tan coat .
Four people playing instruments underneath a white tent .
A guy maintains his yard by mowing with a traditional , non-powered lawn mower .
A woman is playing guitar on stage
Children are contemplating their next move in a game of checkers .
A man is repelling down the side of a mountain over the ocean .
A dog drinks water outside on the grass .
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .
Some kids play in a field .
A group of men are sitting in the farm fields taking a break
An Asian woman in a floral wedding dress poses on a bridge close to her bridesmaids .
A man operating a large yellow bulldozer .
2 males walking about on a street corner .
On a rainy day , near a river , many people are standing with umbrellas and raincoats near a fountain that features a central stone statue while others stand in line .
A young man with a red handkerchief over his face is the main focus , while people wearing protective security armor are in the background .
Two little girls holding hands on a beach .
Several people are sitting at a table looking at colored index cards .
A large group of people fill a street .
An elderly person is crossing a street with an umbrella in their hands .
Pedestrians walking down the street look at a child in a cardboard box .
A dog crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree .
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .
Two women walking down the street outside of a restaurant , one with a stroller and a baby , the other with a dog .
A group of workers sitting in a field take a break from work .
An old women in pink and wearing hat is squeezing her eyes while looking at something .
A child is playing in water .
People playing a game in the pool .
three people sit in a cave .
Two people on red motorcycle riding with a group of motorcyclist .
A young boy with long hair plays in the water .
A woman in white in front of a window , while reading a book on the couch .
A brunette child with glasses holding a blond child wearing a red sweater and yellow boots .
A young boy wearing a chef 's hat and apron is slicing sausage .
A cowboy at a rodeo is roping a cow while riding a horse .
A woman in a black tank top holding her purse on one shoulder is looking at something in the distance while wind glows her light brown hair across her face .
The guy holding the red and white striped package is drinking from a plastic cup .
The man is standing on a stone stump on top of a hill with his arms outstretched .
Some guys are playing sports together .
A woman with a bag , talking on her cellphone , standing on the corner of the street , waiting to cross .
Two volleyball girls team both jumping for a double high-five
A man in a red shirt and a small boy standing on a rock by the water .
A man with Rollerblades grinding a curb .
A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach .
People are walking on a paved slope surrounded by Chinese vendors .
A guy playing with the ball on the field .
A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man .
A person riding a bike sideways through a dirt path .
A man bends down in an outdoor area that is also covered while birds walk around him .
A young boy with a blue beanie has his head down .
Two women in a mudfight .
A woman does a somersault on a trampoline on the beach .
A restaurant worker takes a sip of coffee in the kitchen .
People walking on a trail in a tree filled park .
A little girl in pink is skiing .
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water .
Dogs run at a dog racetrack .
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump .
Two people play outdoors .
This player with the blue helmet was at bat and just finished swinging at the ball during a team baseball game .
Men hard hats and safety harnesses walk down the street as part of a march .
Nice view of a guy climbing a cliff .
Tibetan monks in dress crowd a temple .
A motorcyclist dressed in green with a green motorcycle is jumping over a row of green motorcycles
A black man plays a makeshift drum set with a cardboard sign .
Man and woman kissing on sidewalk next to a parked car .
A few men stand in the background of fruit market illuminated by red light .
A group of people ride bicycles on a large city street .
children sit on top of somebody in a banana suit .
The basketball player tries to block an opposing player .
A mother with her four children .
An African woman in long , flowing garb , with a baby on her back , is working in a dry field with trees far off in the distance .
A little girl is getting splashed by water .
A black dog is slowly crossing a fallen log that is outstretched over a stream of water .
A teacher in white and a little girl wearing a yellow dress playing with building block .
Two people are laying down and kissing on a grassy lawn .
A man is tilting his head back in a barber 's chair , while his beard is lathered up before a shave .
The chef is trying to debone a chicken .
a young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding on a graffitied wall
A small smiling child huddled into the chest of an older man wearing orange , who is also smiling .
People looking over several colored pieces of paper spread on a table .
Exhausted looking firemen are walking .
A punk wearing a white T-shirt is performing tricks on his skateboard .
A man in blue is using a tool on a metal piece of fence .
The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player .
Two elderly men converse in an run-down building .
A young boy practices martial arts .
A woman in a child 's classroom is helping a child build a sculpture , while other children play by themselves .
A man wearing a black short-sleeve shirt is waiting in line with his luggage .
A man using a bulldozer on a construction site .
A woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella .
A toddler is cooking with another person .
A man , wearing a green shirt , is cooking food in a restaurant .
A person in the woods on a muddy trail rounds a corner on a bike .
Two elderly men having a conversation .
A woman doing a high jump at an Olympic meet .
An elderly man sleeps sitting up on the end of a red couch
A street near a stoplight with several people including a man wearing a brown coat and sunglasses with his hand to his face .
A man in a blue shirt barbecues meat outside .
Man in bright yellow vest displays bicycle safety information on street .
A man in a white shirt and black pants is playing a large brown instrument .
Young children playing with paper .
Three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat .
A lady in a bikini is pouring a drink into a red cup for a man who is wearing trunks and sunglasses .
A bunch of kids are riding on a little train .
A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together .
Dog in jacket running through snow
A woman , in a teal tank top , holding a power drill .
Three people pose with their political signs out in public .
Many people run in a marathon through a city .
A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend on a dirt track .
A woman is wearing a green , red , and white shirt .
A man riding a green motorcycle jumping nine other green motorcycles .
A young lady doing yoga on the beach .
A young female student performing a downward kick to break a board held by her Karate instructor .
Man carrying a few cases of beer .
A woman stares at a man wearing a plaid shirt .
A man in costume is ringing a bell .
I see a man putting his items from the shopping cart , ready to be checked out .
Four men doing a martial arts stance in front of onlookers .
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river .
Two men are walking up a ramp while a third walks up a separate ramp in the opposite direction .
A young shaved head man is tuning his guitar .
A woman holding a bowl of food in a kitchen .
A dark-haired man wearing a backpack is walking down the street .
Two blond-haired women wear matching clothing and love beer .
A man is attempting to cross the street .
Two people in a canoe on the waterside during sunset .
a man standing on a concrete platform with his arms wide open
A tattooed man pouring beer out of a bottle into a young man 's mouth .
A woman with a blue shirt is putting something in her mouth .
A gray-haired man wearing black gloves is moving the lawn .
A boy watches his classmates play in a courtyard , looking from above .
Two people are looking at an inflatable climbing wall .
A bald man in a monastery with pigeons and brightly colored hangings .
Girl climbing rock wall
A girl in a jean dress is walking along a raised balance beam .
A woman is playing volleyball .
Somebody took a photo of a girl with long black hair taking a photo .
A little boy in a light blue shirt playing outside with a toy crocodile .
A woman in a fiery red dress and a man in a suit dance seductively together .
A female gymnast holds herself vertically above uneven bars .
A football player wearing white and green has a football .
A person in a bright yellow vest and hard hat is standing by the railroad tracks .
Three workers bent over pulling grass .
A man is talking on his cellphone across the street from a cafe .
A little girl wearing pink is holding on to a bar .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans grinds down a rail on his skateboard .
A female gymnast , captured in midair during a jump .
Five musicians , of varying ages , play together in a living room .
Three people are in a field picking something , and one of them has a big hat with a red bow .
Two men stand beneath a tree as they watch the sunset over the ocean .
The boy is wearing a blue shirt , and the girl is wearing black clothes .
A woman in a cowboy hat walks followed by a man in a blue baseball cap , a boy in a blue t-short and a woman in a green top .
Bare chested Black men play drums on makeshift paint buckets to a pleased crowd .
A group of people taking shots at a restaurant .
The man is standing on the white wall in front of the building .
Man stands on city street beneath pine tree .
A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket sits on a bench .
A girl in a yellow bathing suit laughs and points at a girl in an orange suit while another girls looks on .
A bald man walking down a city sidewalk while talking on his cellphone .
A baseball player taking a swing at the plate .
A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table .
two boys on a balance beam holding a rope
A child watches another play in the dirt near the street .
Construction workers in orange and yellow vests with jeans work on a street .
A man in a red swimsuit doing a back dive into blue waters .
A young woman is smiling towards the camera as she attempts to pull herself up a hill while skiing .
A middle-aged man is using a hammer and metal spike and splitting a log .
The girl loves her pink dress .
Small children are getting off a school bus .
A woman wearing all black and carrying a black bag on sidewalk
A woman on a bicycle stops for a moment to converse .
A young red-haired man is fishing and caught some seaweed .
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket .
Two men looking at a computer .
A young child in a swing wearing a skull and crossbones shirt .
A man wears an orange hat and glasses .
Three people on comfortable seating in a waiting room .
A baby laughing on the floor .
An older woman smiling as she holds a young girl with a gleeful smile and a dirty face .
A University of Miami player holds a football .
A large group of people standing near a big fountain as it rains .
A young man wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt sits in the grass , with a ball in the air .
Little girl in arm floaties exploring the coast line .
A man stands on a blue boat , handling fishing nets .
Policemen stand at attention in their office .
A worker in a red hat and yellow coat is on crane lift .
A man kissing another man on the cheek .
Two dancers practicing together .
A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier .
A young blond girl holds a smaller blond boy in her lap outdoors .
A female skier holding two ski poles wearing a white knit hat .
A dog lies on the ground .
Two people in hockey uniforms on the ice .
A child is taking a picture with a gray winter cap on their head b
A Car speeding past 2 pedestrians near a Metal Pole .
A man holds out a wire basket as he prepares to fill it .
A boy in a blue shirt hanging on a rack of clothes .
Man posing in a kitchen with his arm stretched out .
child in the road have no clothes
A woman in a pink shirt cleaning a wooden table .
A kid with his head shaved sitting and holding a lit cigarette .
A young child with a dirty face being held by an old woman .
An adult Asian male instructs a group of Asian children .
A light brown dog jumps through a ring of fire while two people watch .
A woman sitting with a great big smile .
An older male is holding an infant while sitting down .
A woman in a blue helmet and red pants riding a motorcycle .
A young boy , dressed in a gray and blue baseball uniform , preparing to hit the ball off of the t-ball stand while onlookers watch from behind a chain link fence .
Employee in pink shirt smiles for camera inside a restaurant kitchen .
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man 's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together .
Two men are barbecuing their food while another prepares the meat .
A group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water .
An empty alleyway with blocked off windows .
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching
A small black dog jumping over gates
A man on a cart encourages his mule to keep pulling .
A woman with pink hair dressed in black talks to a man .
A girl with normal and improvised safety gear rollerblades .
A baby girl eats a cookie while seated in a highchair and wearing a bib .
2 women are standing in a street playing a blue guitar and a violin .
Road workers paving a road .
A little girl with a brown shirt , blue jeans , and brown hair is playing outside with her pink scooter in a yard with lots of trees .
An African American man walking down the street .
A lady standing at a crosswalk .
Open , scatteredly placed umbrellas , fill an exit to a room with black trim doors while a blurry individual looks directly into the camera .
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand .
A young female child asleep with a book laying over her chest .
A group of men protesting with signs that say ; " PM construction services . "
A policeman is on a bike waiting for the light to change .
A long-haired young man skateboarding on the rails on a cloudy day .
An older man in a cane holding an umbrella while walking through an outdoor market .
Dog standing in grass playing with green flying disc
A guy performing a song shirtless with a tattoo of a safety pen on his body with a second tattoo on his body .
Two men wearing orange robes and sandals are standing in front of the Bean in Millenium Park , Chicago .
Two upright bass players performing as a part of an orchestra .
A little boy holding a yellow , plastic shovel , crouches in the sand .
A very tired little boy 's taking advantage of bed setting in a department store to get some rest .
A businessman looking out his door .
A young dark-skinned fellow poses for a picture in front of a car covered with flowers .
A man performs on the keyboard .
Young girl plays with small livestock on farm .
Two women are walking on a footpath .
A small girl in a bathing suit jumps above a kiddie pool .
A group of men standing on a field of black balls .
A child expresses emotion on the soccer field .
A man trying to ride a very mad bull on a beautiful Saturday afternoon .
A man in a blue and white t-shirt is grilling outdoors .
A soldier talks with a colleague with his wife beside him .
A male airborne on a bicycle .
A woman in a gray sweater and black baseball cap is standing in line at a shop .
Two women share a laugh in the city .
an Amish man walking down a country road .
A man working on a little girl 's purple tricycle .
A woman leans over the bow of a boat while a man walks by .
A man playing the accordion on a brick road .
A dog stirs up the dirt on the ground while running to catch a ball .
child sitting on a ladies shoulders and clapping her hands .
A gentleman reading a newspaper at a newspaper stand .
Black dog paddles through the water with a bright ball in its mouth .
Several workmen in safety vests are having a conversation .
A person in a red jacket with black pants holding rainbow ribbons .
a small black and white dog running on the beach with several people in the background
Two young boys loading fruit onto a bicycle .
Three men with hard hats in front of a large hole in the ground .
Three little girls wearing brown and pick sweaters are walking on the street .
Two young men playing soccer on a sunny day are jumping for the soccer ball .
A skinny boy with black hair and white shorts is jumping into a body of water .
A teenage girl is carrying a guitar in the woods .
a kid is walking down the sidewalk with a few American flags .
A player either fielding a high pass or going up for a shot while being defended on the basketball court .
A woman with glasses is undergoing a dental procedure .
A soccer match being played .
A man in a black leather jacket and blue jeans standing in front of a sign by Architects & Engineers that says " 9-11 was an inside job . "
A man with a mustache and beard is holding a frying pan that has flames rising from it .
A man sits while playing the guitar .
A man is holding a strange sign while a little boy and his parent are walking by .
A tattooed blond woman is holding a purse .
A brown dog is looking at a black horse that is sticking its head through a fence .
A girls ' soccer team in green and black uniforms and their coach , wearing a white shirt and shorts , are stretching their legs out on the field .
A man is abseiling down a cliff over the ocean .
A crane operates amidst piles of rubble .
A girl kicking a stick that a man is holding in tae kwon do class .
A man in a suit and tie and a woman with luggage join others in waiting in the London Underground .
We have to go there to look into the machine .
A female soccer team wearing green , black and white uniforms is stretching before a game .
Asian woman wearing a sunhat while riding a bike .
Two young boys stand on a low cement wall facing each other in a marshy area .
Man on train starring out a window .
Two young attractive women in front of a store drop coins for street performers .
A dirt biker with a helmet and black , white , and red shirt on rounding a curb
A child is rollerblading with a lot of pads .
A group of young people are listening to a man in a blue shirt telling them about Brazil .
A table full of pictures in frames , at an outdoor market .
Woman selling bags of fruit on a sidewalk .
A teenage boy is looking at coffee makers at Walmart .
A man in a black suite sitting in a train tunnel .
A DJ wearing headphones and mixing some music .
Two women are holding hands over a table and smiling at the camera .
Native Americans are dressed up in native clothing and are participating in an activity together .
A group of asians smiling and eating .
A brown dog running through the water .
A man and woman are embracing behind caution tape .
A group of people are walking up a street in the winter toward a man who is seated and holding a cup .
A little girl wearing a black swimming suit holding a shovel at a beach .
a blond woman walking down the sidewalk in a cheetah dress .
Two people , a man and a woman , are looking at a structure being burned down .
A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .
a man wakeboards on a lake .
Two girls hugging .
Two children attempt to use a bicycle to large for them .
a child sitting on a lawn chair looking up at the camera
A young man in a blue shirt grinds a rail on a skateboard in an urban area .
The two college basketball teams are playing a game .
A boy wearing shorts , crocs , and a white shirt plays with a yo-yo while another boy looks at his yo-yo in the background .
A young man in a jean jacket smiles for the camera inside a store .
A woman with brown hair and blue pants is sitting on a bench outside of a coffee shop .
Two young children working together to operate a bicycle .
Two kids run through gray sand .
A guard is on the look out while on duty .
Woman in a gold jacket walking on a New York subway platform .
A girl making a snow angel , wearing a black hat and glasses .
A older man playing the accordion outside in the street .
Three people , with backpacks hiking along a dirt road through the mountains .
Some people sit on benches under rows of trees in front of a building .
An Asian woman is cooking in an outdoor kitchen .
An Asian man is cooking several meat on a stick .
Men are playing soccer in muddy conditions .
Two guys standing side by side .
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee .
A damaged building has a an excavator in front of it .
Two people are constructing a child 's puzzle game .
An older man wearing a hat is building a sand-castle on a public beach .
A tribal group filling water jugs in the desert .
2 people in blue and purple costumes are looking at each other with a hill in the background .
Protesters holding a petition in the rain .
A small crowd of people are walking around an city 's outdoor fountain .
Two performers putting on a mock fight for an audience that is watching attentively .
A man in a striped polo is signing autographs for children at a convention .
hotdog stand on a busy street
Two hockey players wearing yellow and black uniforms skate on the ice .
A man is working a hotdog stand .
A brunette woman inside a coffee shop is watching a brunette woman outside of a coffee shop .
A streetlight lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars .
Two women enjoy the entertainment of street performers .
A man working on a ticket machine as two women stand near .
African marketplace on a hot summer day .
A man sweeps a sidewalk outside of a brick building during the day .
Police on motorcycle , in turning land , waiting at stoplight
A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog .
A large group of people are running a marathon through a city .
A man is running towards another man who is being attacked by a bucking bull .
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt and dried leaves
Two soccer players are going after the ball .
The back of a blond woman with braided hair playing tennis .
A dark-haired boy carrying a small hoe leaps across a narrow ditch while wearing rain boots .
A child with a mask on sitting at a table with a plate in front .
A black and white dog is playing with an orange ball in the snow .
Some young adults are sitting outside on a patio talking .
A film crew is filming a student in a classroom .
Four men sit on a church 's steps .
His gray clothes blended in with the stainless steel appliances of the cafeteria 's kitchen .
Two men talking and observing fruit that 's on show and for sale at an open fruit market while another woman is also observing the wares .
A baseball player coming into home plate with knee held high and the catcher right in front of him waiting for the ball .
A male runner with a number pinned to his shorts gives the thumbs-up .
four young football players in mid play .
A man is holding his baby while a woman takes a picture of the baby .
A group of people talking at tables .
A woman in a green dress sitting in a broken green and yellow chair .
Dirt biker makes a sloping turn in a forest during the fall .
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .
Two dogs race across a snowy field .
A man with a mustache works on a broken escalator .
A woman in a black shirt is holding the hand of a gentleman in a suit and striped tie and laying her head on his shoulder while smiling .
Two older men are standing outside talking .
A child outside with snow .
A family is walking on the sidewalk through the snow while a man sits on the side with his paper cup .
Four middle-aged men stand behind a fence in the midst of a forest .
A man in a tux and a man in a shirt and tie talk outside .
Boy in red shirt and black shorts sweeps driveway .
Some people standing around a smoke pit thing .
A football game is going on , with player on the field , squatting on the sidelines and standing , watching the game .
An Asian man in a green uniform shirt with a white speckled headband is using a torch to cook food in a restaurant .
A young woman is laying in the sun with her face covered by a purple scarf .
A woman in black is holding something in her mouth .
A woman in a red vest working at a computer .
Children participate in a game of tug-of-war .
Two men dressed in dark orange coverings and sandals stand near a large reflective sculpture .
A woman in a white shirt and blue shorts follows a two people in red shirts up a staircase .
A dog wearing a cover runs in the snow .
Two young children and an adult are fishing on the shoreline near large rocks .
Two female members of team USA performing a jump high-five surrounded by two other female members .
A crowd is present at a bar .
A person in a black jacket is grabbing a boy 's shoulder to stop him from backing into the road while a silver Mini is driving by .
A man in a brown coat , with a fancy scarf , waits next to a woman and a man wearing headphones .
A woman in a black shirt is knitting with purple yarn .
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A woman plays with finger puppets as a small child in a costume walks by .
A man is working on his wooden boat .
The restaurant worker looks outside of the door .
Old men stand on the street .
A man in black pants and a white shirt chopping bamboo with a sword .
A smiling woman wearing a black sweater leans on a man wearing a jacket and a tie .
A man in an orange jumpsuit and matching hard hat is helping with a blue hose
Two girls playing in a game of softball .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .
A young boy is kicking a soccer ball away from 3 opponents .
There are six men mountain biking in a forest terrain .
A boy with sunglasses running in some brush in front of an event .
Three young boys play outside .
A woman wearing a short-sleeved striped shirt and carrying a green shopping bag examines fish in an open air market while a vendor in a white apron over a gray t-shirt hands her an empty plastic bag .
A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball .
Two women have a seat in a busy metropolitan area .
A woman wearing rolled up jeans and a black shirt is walking past a bus carrying a shopping bag .
A boy playing in a lake
A guy sitting on a chair tunes his guitar .
the peoples sitting in the chair
Four men pose for the camera on a blanket in what appears to be a middle eastern location .
A man in a orange shirt and white shorts playing tennis .
A man with glasses looks at camera while another man in a blue shirt looks intently at something .
A young girl outside on a rainy day .
A man is doing a backflip into a pool .
Little girl dressed in pink playing on a playground .
A young man looks at a coffee marker on the shelf of a department store .
A goalie looks down-field .
A baseball player in a black shirt just tagged a player in a white shirt .
A white dog is on a large rocky surface at a high elevation .
Two concert base players are playing their instruments .
People enjoying a festival while having drinks and taking pictures on the cellphone .
Brown dog with objest in mouth moving toward camera .
A woman wearing a sweater is reading a book in her home .
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow .
A young boy points out something interesting to the girl holding him in her lap near the front door .
A cowboy lassos an animal while other cowboys , and a horse , look on .
A man wearing a black sweater cooks food in a pan while standing in a cluttered kitchen .
Four black men are sitting on the steps of a church .
A young man is wakeboarding on a body of water .
A group of boys in swim gear is playing in a field surrounded by trees .
Three dogs affectionately playing
Two Formula-1 cars are racing side by side on a track .
This is a young boy looking to be jumping on the trampoline in a very beautiful neighborhood .
A crowded sidewalk in the inner city of an Asian country .
Two dirty guys playing soccer in the grass with players in the background .
A man wearing a turquoise jacket is taking a picture of a church .
Two young girls with fishing poles and a man displaying a fish they caught .
A couple is sitting down smiling , with the woman linking arms with the man .
A disc jockey busy at work as lights shine upon him .
Two men walk up a ramp , as another man in a blue shirt walks along a road below them .
Two large dogs , one light colored and one dark , running through snowy terrain .
A woman is cooking with a large pot .
A young man pushes his motocross bike up a dirt hill .
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
Two women sitting at a table with their hands together .
A man is playing the piano while standing .
A man is sitting in the snow watching as a group of people are walking by .
A Choir wearing all black performing on a stage .
A man in a gray shirt jumps over the top of a sand dune in the desert .
A panting brown dog walking on the grass .
A circular piece of architecture is in this city .
A jockey riding his horse in a race , as another , losing jockey looks on .
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball .
Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass .
A kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store .
A woman is dressed as a pirate in a red velvet dress and black hat .
Five people standing in front of a body of water .
An old man sits outside with his guitar , watching an younger generation pass by .
A man wearing sunglasses , headphones and a dark coat is walking down the street .
Female bicyclist wearing black and red bicycle shorts and top and wearing white helmet .
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks .
The woman in the striped shirt is sipping a beverage while at work .
A woman in a red shirt sitting with two young girls in dresses .
Wet blond dog running through water
Several construction workers with orange safety vests are digging into the ground .
One little boy working hard in his martial arts class .
Older women in pink shit and gray hat looking at something .
A man giving two thumbs up as he runs a race .
A woman in a blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis .
A group of soccer players are playing soccer .
Many people are watching street performers dancing .
The black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running .
Two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field .
A woman in a red shirt is riding an all white horse that is galloping along the trees .
A lady dressed in blue running a marathon .
An old man on a subway wearing heavy layered clothing is reading a newspaper .
Several teenagers are looking over a railing in a dark room .
A middle-aged man in a business suit is seated at a bus stop shelter , with Hispanic writing showing on the shelter 's sign .
Two best friends embracing their friendship .
A group of protesters supporting military families .
The black dog runs with a ball with two smaller dogs behind it .
Important political man in gray suit talks to man in darker green suit about the woman in the lighter green jacket .
A small child with a distended stomach stands alone .
Two nuns stand on the street .
A group of musicians are performing on a stage in front of a crowd .
A girl wearing a blue shirt fixing her hair while looking into a pink mirror .
The infant has plenty of toys , but attention is drawn to the nearby cat .
A boy poses with a large green insect on his nose .
A man in a blue jacket is standing in front of a small group of people .
Someone in a yellow jacket mountain biking on a red bike .
A woman looks on as a man with folded arms is talking .
A man with a sleeveless black vest and a black cowboy hat is talking to another man .
A female beach volleyball player serving the ball .
A group of guys are standing on a stage playing several different instruments .
A man sits at a table outside and looks toward the horizon .
Two men in white plastic chairs sitting in a doorway .
Three men in reflective vests doing yard work in a field .
Man standing by a poster of religious beliefs .
A small child in a blue outfit is looking off at some trees in the distance .
Man in black standing by parked car in the snow .
A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans .
A man is sitting on a wooden guard rail at a beach .
Woman with yellow button up shirt and jeans is making beautiful pottery etchings into one of her works of art .
A young man hits a spectacular pose on a rail midair on his skateboard .
A man on a bicycle pedals through an archway .
A man with a hat is taking a photo in a busy city .
With the daintiest of feet , the slightest little oriental girls float across the stage perched upon square ballet toes .
Two men working in a small factory .
A man in an apron holding a bowl .
A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .
Two people in blue shirts are outside with a bullhorn .
Teen female enjoys going swimming .
This photo shows Asian art on display .
Sand is kicked up as two animals run .
A person is cartwheeling over another person while a third person runs behind them .
a motorcyclist wearing a green shirt on a green bike jumping over a row of other green bikes .
Someone in a white shirt yelling through a mega phone to a crowd of people .
A man in a green jacket is working on his tire .
The biker carries his bike over the obstacle .
Young boy in a white striped shirt and headband holding a tennis racket .
A woman runs after making a hit in women 's softball , the catcher rises to her feet .
At a men 's basketball game , number 55 , in white and yellow , tries desperately to prevent number ten , in black and gray , from making a shot while the rest of the players watch frozen on the court .
A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field .
A group of kids on their bicycles smiling at the photographer on a dirt trail .
Two football players wearing blue jerseys tackle the opposing team 's football player .
A man in a black hat and blue shirt taking a picture on the side of an urban street .
Two people dig with shovels at a playground by the ocean .
A Heavy machine lifting up a worker .
The woman wearing the pink jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the dog to catch .
A young girl is running across the beach to get to the water .
Tattooed couple in green at the grocery checkout .
A woman holding a red cup with a straw in it sits in front of a man and a woman looking at a book .
A young woman is ready to eat the pizza .
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio "
A group of men gathered around a table preparing to play a card game .
A man smiles , while clinking ale bottles , with an unseen person , at a public establishment .
A man listens to his cellphone while watching another man in sunglasses .
A lady walking in a alleyway of what appears to be a third world country .
Two young men playing basketball , one defending the other attempting to make a basket .
3 basketball players vying for the ball and one in red jersey trying to take ball from guy in white jersey .
A man in a reflective vest stands in a hole in the ground .
Two people are silhouetted against a lake reflecting a painted sky .
White duck flapping its wings in the water .
A child in green shoes is splashing in a puddle .
A young girl swimming in a pool .
A group of young men in sports uniforms from two opposing teams are in vigorous play on a grassy field .
A few guys outside grilling some food at night .
A boy with a pencil behind his ear writes on a chalkboard .
A person wearing a blue hard hat working with rope .
Couples are dancing in a courtyard with a rough stone wall backing and a large brown building in the background .
A person holds a frying pan over an open fire as a child watches .
These children are gathered together writing notes related to a field trip .
Two dogs bite at each other on the carpet .
A man working on a ticket box .
A dog jumping over a puddle on the beach
A man next to a bicycle is playing a pan flute .
A couple is walking in a building .
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .
Two old men play guitar and sing at a rock concert .
A woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies .
A person wearing a red coat is holding a beige and plaid umbrella while crossing the street .
People climbing up stairs with graffiti behind them .
A group of spectators sitting in lawn chairs in the street facing a building and drinking beer .
A group of people attending an event .
Fans cheer as the band plays a song .
Woman and dog selling her wares on the old building steps outside .
There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things .
Two figures are walking by a pond .
A child resting on a bed at a furniture store waiting for his mom to get done shopping .
A man is repelling down a cliff next to a lake .
Ball players with white on in a field playing a game .
Little boy in red pants , no shirt , picking his teeth .
Three people walk away from the camera , and a man in a black shirt looks back .
A dog plays catch with a white ball near a wooden fence .
A fisherman is handling a net on a small boat near a dock .
A young , active man wearing a full helmet turning a corner on his mountain bike in the woods .
A group of people sit near a large red brick building in the grass .
A fox terrier leaps after a ball .
A woman holding a red balloon in a red coat .
Two men are jumping and colliding in the air while two other men look on .
Tourists enjoying mother nature .
A man with a blue shirt sitting on a bed and another man with a tan colored shirt and glasses laying on a bed .
A small group of people meeting together at a tree by water .
A family fishes off the edge of a beach .
A female couple lean on each other in the outdoors after a good swim .
The person has a striped shirt on and is holding on to a rope on a mountain .
Several people watching a race .
Man falling off of a bucking bull , at a rodeo , in front of spectators .
Two people are riding bikes up a hill
A man wearing jeans and sunglasses operating a front-loader that is filled with dirt .
This lady has heard a funny joke and laughing .
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake .
A mother and her young song enjoying a beautiful day outside .
Two men are having a conversation in a cathedral or mosque .
A boy with a red shirt walking on a sidewalk holding American flags .
Eight men gathered around a table at night .
Three construction workers are digging a whole next to a wall in a field .
A brunet child , wearing rain boots is playing in the dirt .
male working on a computer under surveillance .
Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask
Two brown dogs playing in a rough manner .
A man carrying a bag walks past an electronics sign .
A gray colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach .
A little girl is sleeping with a book on her chest next to a doll .
Old woman in yellow holding tissue over young boys head .
A girl is sitting with a boy on a chair .
The gentleman is scanning the image that the woman in the blue shirt is providing him .
Little boy wearing a dark blue shirt and yellow shorts playing with a soccer ball in grass .
A guy wearing shorts and a white t-shirt is skateboarding down the road , while someone sits and watches him from the curb .
A child walking and leaving a trail behind them .
People inside of a building , one is taking a photo .
A football player is being tackled by members of the opposing team .
A father showing his son something on paper .
A father-figure and two children outside their home doing yard work such as using a hoe on the grass and planting a tree .
Three men sit outside of a cafe .
Two children playing in the sand .
A man is standing in front of a brick storefront wearing a black jacket .
Family members standing outside a home .
A man dressed in black shorts , a black t-shirt , and a backwards black baseball cap is talking to a man wearing a striped shirt and shorts while standing behind a truck .
A muzzled greyhound dog wearing yellow and black is running on the track .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it .
An Asian couple look up at an elaborate memorial .
A man in a blue shirt speaking on a loudspeaker to a large group of people on bicycles .
A man rides a bicycle through an inner-city neighborhood next to a wall containing a graffiti picture of a big hand showing the peace sign .
A little girl opening a Christmas present .
A man in a blue shirt gesticulates as he speaks to a uniformed official .
Older woman selling food on the street .
Two people and a leashed cow at a home .
A man wearing sandals sits on the sidewalk near some bags .
Two people are looking at a child as one of them is pushing a wheelchair on the sidewalk .
Three young sumo wrestlers standing and listening to an announcer
A light brown dog is running up .
A street musician is playing the accordion .
People walking around in a mall .
A young girl in a swimsuit stands silently on a small beach .
A woman in a white button up shirt is holding a rope and smiling .
girl child looking through a telescope in a serene setting
Dirt bikers riding off a jump .
a woman in a pink coat with the fur lined hood up , with black pants and brown shoes sitting on a bench near a pop machine with a striped yellow bag by her side .
Young pretty blond women holding a tennis racket dressed as if to begin a tennis match .
Two men chilling by a campsite .
Male in the street wearing a blue plaid shirt waiting for the light to turn .
A little boy is holding a skinny baseball bat while standing between two rows of blue seats .
A small group of Asian youths gathered on the sidewalk looking into camera and playing around .
a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another .
Orange striped kitten biting blond girl on the nose
A woman with a dog sitting on a bench near the ocean .
Two girls running down the street in front of a large building with white and red flags by the door .
children ride bikes in what appears to be an impoverished nation .
Three men wearing safety vests and doing yard work in a field .
A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy .
Boy sits on his skateboard on the elevators .
A woman working on a painting of a young woman on a wall with tan skin .
A band performing on stage while the crowd observes with there hands in the air .
A man and a woman sitting on each side of a small metal table .
middle-aged man in white shorts and flip-flops looking up the road
A blond toddler is shown in closeup chewing on a popsicle stick .
A mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .
There are people sitting around a market area with green fruit in the front drop .
A young child sleeping in her bed with an open book on her chest .
Three people dancing acrobatically in a subway station , with one girl in a skirt doing a cartwheel over another person bending over .
A man in a Santa suit stands amongst a crowded street .
The chef is preparing a meal .
A newlywed couple speak with guests at their wedding .
A woman wearing headphones enjoys her coffee while writing on a notepad .
Several older men , some in traditional headdress convene on a street corner .
A man dressed in yellow speaks into a microphone .
A boy in a red suit plays in the water .
Two men are in a room and are looking in opposite directions .
Two little boys smiling and holding a tiny , black puppy .
A girl is taking a picture of a girl and guy on a colorfully decorated pink bike .
A woman wearing a hat with making bread .
Small orchestra playing with open violin case in front
A woman is holding a small white statue .
A man posing for the camera on steps .
Two young men playing electric guitars in a grunge-type setting .
Three boys wearing green shirts and tan pants pose at the top of a slide .
The group of people are all covered by umbrellas .
The boy is jumping in the air .
Two men are having a conversation in front of a souvenir shop in Rome .
Three kids throwing water balloons .
A little girl is pushing her scooter through a grassy tree lined field .
Soccer players dressed in bright blue and white uniforms are jumping in the air .
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent .
A crowd of business travelers lined up at a busy terminal , with many Asian members , one listening to earbuds , and one checking his mobile phone .
A small boy wearing baseball regalia holds a bat behind his head with a baseball mounted in front of him .
A boy stands overlooking a schoolyard where other children play .
A man in uniform and a man in a blue shirt are standing in front of a truck .
Two little girls and one little boy are running on the grass .
An army man kneeling down next to metal structure .
Two men , wearing gray outfits , are riding on a trailer that is being pulled by two horses , one horse is dark brown and the other is white and gray .
A medium sized dog is jumping to get a stick .
A man and a woman walk around a corner next to a painted wall mural depicting children .
Two young boys pose with a puppy for a family picture .
a skinny woman spikes a volleyball over the net .
A person is playing an unique instrument .
A young girl in a pink jacket walks with two sisters in matching outfits in public .
Two people are kissing on a sidewalk in front of a limo while people walk by .
A train stop with a band including a tuba and drum .
A Boston Terrier is running on lush green grass in front of a white fence .
two soccer players in long sleeves
Two young girls run on a sidewalk outside of a brick building with banners on it .
man in turquoise shirt reading new paper in a newsstand .
Man skates along cement wall .
A man in a vest is sitting in a chair and holding magazines .
A butcher is cutting some meat .
A young girl standing next to a yellow cat on a kitchen countertop .
A smiling child wearing a white t-shirt with stripes and skull and crossbones is swinging .
Man with brown hair and a woman with blond-hair smile .
A man on his wedding day .
A group of people stands on the field of a soccer stadium .
A dog runs outside with a yellow toy .
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .
A girl with a guitar and a guy with an umbrella sitting in front of a gate on the sidewalk .
A guy explains something to his friend .
A boy toddler play outside on a clothes rack full of tied dye shirts .
A man wearing red gloves is holding a red basket .
Two children play on the street outside an old building .
A solitary fisherman stands along a riverbank .
A punk looking gentleman with ear piercings , a mohawk , and tattoos playing the drums and singing .
A basketball is in progress with a man in white and gold attempting to block a shot from a man in black .
A shaggy dog runs in front of three people on the beach .
A person with tattoos is looking at a photo on a digital camera , or cellphone .
a child in a white karate outfit practicing a move
A mountain biker makes his way up a grassy path on his red bicycle .
The motorcycle is being ridden on a track whilst pulling a wheelie .
An individual wearing rose jacket site idle on a wooden bench .
A man in a red hat and a woman in a black dress are sitting outside a building on the street .
Two women mud-wrestle in a blue wading-pool
Two football players leap into the air as a player on the opposing team moves toward them .
A man is standing at edge of a pond , with two dogs and is throwing a branch is water .
Two boys are playing on the sidewalk .
A blond woman holding a white statue .
A man in a black shirt sitting at a table with an open Apple laptop in front of him .
A man in a black shirt and white pants swinging a baseball bat , with a baseball team and spectators in the background .
Two young boys eat McDonalds for lunch .
Two men pretend to be knights .
A girl is walking among trees and carrying a guitar .
many children play in the water .
A group of people gather to examine pictures on the wall in a lounge setting .
People walk through an arch in an old-looking city .
Children play in the dark water fountain near the white triumphal arch while adults sit on the steps .
people get their slushies .
An Asian woman wearing a Asian dress sitting among a group of cloths , with a woven basket on her lap .
Construction equipment at work .
A blond man is drinking from a public fountain .
A brown puppy chewing on a stick .
Three people are walking up a mountain trail , while one woman is looking at her camera .
A choir group is gathered together in a church .
Two boys are looking up at the sky and waving theirs arms and they are dressed in clothes to keep them warm .
A boy looks over the city .
Person wearing a red shirt , blue pants , and white shoes , sitting on curb with cellphone in hands in front of a parking lot of an industrial building .
A man in an orange vest and yellow hard hat looks on as a yellow vehicle lays track .
Three women in colorful costumes holding I love you signs .
A crowd of people walking down the middle of a city street .
A man in a black shirt and jeans standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera .
A number of people are dancing with their significant others in front of this huge house .
A young black boy is playing tennis .
A woman sitting , a woman sweeping , and a woman holding a shovel .
A man in blue overalls is operating a chainsaw .
Two bald people in red clothes
A man just made it over the finish line .
A woman and a dog sit on a bench in front of a beach .
A man in a karate is performing in front of two judges .
man sitting using tool at a table in his home .
A car parked at the beach .
A man touches his back pocket as a blond woman behind the counter of a convenience store looks at him .
The quad at the student services fair .
a man in a black polo shirt holds an infant in a white blanket .
Two men are watching something .
A man in a black shirt and gray pants holds his luggage at what appears to be an airport .
A boy in a red shirt walking with American flags .
A man wearing glasses sits in the grass .
A blond little boy is wearing a green shirt and holding a book upside down .
A young women 's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise .
A worker in a safety vest and hat is unloading equipment from the back of a truck .
A person , dressed as " Santa Claus " , is wearing a red coat and standing in a crowded room of people while a few people take pictures .
A man is sitting outside playing music .
An elderly man in a light blue coat works on a car on the roadside .
people are dancing on a checkered platform while people are watching
A man picking his nose and with poor hygiene skills .
A family is standing under a very large tree .
Four men in green , red , gray , and white shirts standing near a blue handrail smiling for a picture .
A woman is sitting on a bench next to a person in a wheelchair .
Two large dogs are fighting in a dirt field .
A man mows a small lawn with a push mower .
One young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five adults in front of him , one operating a video camera .
A group of Asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table .
Two women , one wearing a purple shirt , attempt to climb a utility pole .
A hockey game with several players playing their part in preventing or facilitating a goal .
It looks like a school with children sitting outside of it .
A mother and child are baking .
juggler standing balanced between two columns
Man and woman sort clothes together .
Person standing with a cart on wheels in front of a brick building .
A kid sitting in a window of a yellow taxi
Five people in full gear are mountain climbing .
Two people standing outside next to blow up toys and dumpsters .
A white dog carries a yellow toy while another dog follows .
A lady in a pink coat , black slacks , and brown shoes is sitting on a bench .
Two men are in the woods one is looking at a log .
The brown dog has a hold of the other dogs cheek with its teeth .
A young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride
A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow .
A view of a crowded city street .
A crowded commercial area in the evening .
A man in a straw hat playing the drum .
A young woman is wearing a red shirt , black riding helmet , black pants , and black shoes , while riding in a saddle on a white horse .
A young girl naps on a giant pillow on the couch , cuddled up with her favorite blanket .
A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks with a group of people in the background .
A policeman looking away from the camera with a couple cars , other policemen , and other people in the background all in front of a building .
A man uses a bicycle to transport a sight that says " Lovely , " while another man on a motor scooter drives by .
A group of young people dance at a club .
Two people are standing around in front of an inflated blob machine .
A group of people standing on a sidewalk under some trees .
A man that appears to be running in a marathon gives us 2 thumbs up .
A brown dog is digging in the dirt .
Two race cars are going down a racetrack bend .
a line of cyclists in identical clothing pedal on a curve in a race as spectators watch .
Two children sitting with a black puppy .
A large group of people of various ages and genders sit outside together .
A man and a woman ride bicycles away from the camera as they traverse a remote area toward undulating hills , with blue sky in the background .
A dirt biker riding on a familiar trail .
man laying on the ground looking at a boy .
Woman sitting at a table while working on her laptop computer .
The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand .
A young boy in a white suit stands in front of a white car with large bunches of flowers tied to the roof and hood .
A man in a red shirt walks past a turquoise and white checkered food establishment called " 32 De Neude . "
a band playing on stage for a crowd
Soccer players in blue and white fight for the ball in midair .
A woman is sitting on the steps looking at a collection of trinkets .
A child is sweeping outside of a building .
One man riding his bicycle through an alleyway next to some graffiti .
A skateboarder rides the bowl of a skate park while a man watches in the background .
A man sits on a bench holding his dog and looking at the water .
Two men are performing on a sidewalk as a crowd watches
A woman and a little girl turning a corner on a city street .
a woman sitting on a very large rock smiling at the camera with trees in the background .
Two men dressed in green are preparing food in a restaurant .
A crowd of children in white shirts , black shorts and white hats jumping rope .
Man standing on rock with outstretched hands .
A group of buildings surrounding a street with people walking down it .
A man in a red shirt entering an establishment .
A woman is standing on the deck of a boat while holding a weight .
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent .
A man holding a tennis racket is looking in the distance with his hand over his mouth .
A small dog on a leash jumps toward a pink ball
Two girls posing for the camera .
Small boy in blue with a bright red ball walking near four bare trees .
The toddler in blue is looking away from his red ball .
A busy street scene shows several people walking under an archway .
Man works on top of scaffolding .
A woman in a flowered skirt walks along the dirt streets in her village .
There are a crowd of people standing on the side of the road with two cars beside them .
A child plays in a box on the side of the street , as people look on and smile .
A man sitting on a bench under a large tree .
A young girls soccer team with green jerseys and black shorts doing warm up stretches with two adults .
A child wearing rollerblades , knee pads , a helmet , and elbow pads is skating down a paved path .
Two children feeding horses through a fence .
Two adults and two children sit on a park bench .
A man playing musical instruments .
Seven people are outside listening to a man playing his instrument .
Two people look on in the nighttime at the lights in a city .
A crowd of people walking in the street of a city .
An Asian man wearing gloves is working at a food stall .
A woman takes a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat while a man carries her .
Woman in orange jacket is sitting crossed legged on a bench while woman in blue is leaning against the glass .
A family of four is crossing the street .
A man stands in striking position while holding his opponent 's head .
Several men , one in a dark sweater and glasses and another in a white sweatshirt , are walking through the center of a college campus .
Teens doing there best at a jump photo .
The little girl is wearing a floating device in the water .
Five cyclists , all wearing the same uniforms , are riding one behind the other in a bicycle race .
It seems like no matter when I read this , the news is always the same .
A man is sitting on the street playing drums on buckets .
A security officer with a tiny face and big glasses leans on a metal gate looking into the camera .
People are walking by stores and window shopping .
Two men are busy working .
A man with a white shirt with his mouth open wide and turning buttons .
two men wearing black in a city
A man wearing a all black and playing a piano .
Young boy smiles as an extremely large kelly green fly perches on his nose .
Five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow , with snowmobiles in the background .
Two children in a meadow standing on a little rock bridge over a creek .
Small child in white shirt and print shorts with hands over their head standing on object .
Three people are harvesting crops .
Young woman climbing rock face
Little boy playing tennis with a black and yellow racket .
three young kids enjoying them self at the community park
A man wearing a black hat taking a photo in a busy street .
Finishing a summer time treat , a popsicle .
A guy and a girl having a conversation .
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill .
A man and lady are watching and cheering at a soccer game .
Small child is hanging out of a box on the sidewalk .
A man in a red shirt and jeans and a toddler on a rock near the water .
A man shaving his gray beard .
A man selling items near the roadside to the great mountain of Canyon .
The people are quietly listening while the story of the ice cabin was explained to them .
Two little girls ride a bike together down a dusty road .
A woman in a striped shirt and sunglasses is sitting on a bike .
A young woman with blond-hair is holding a white statuette of a Japanese geisha woman .
People gathered to watch someone play the flute .
Two men wearing earmuffs inspect a racing car 's engine on an asphalt track .
A man in a white apron is cooking something with eggs on a pan outside for a woman in a tan jacket .
Young men playing football .
Some people are kicking a white ball on a beach .
a group of people looking out at a coffee table
Two women riding on a vespa , sadly only one is enjoying herself .
A group of people at an outdoor fruit market
The woman in the tan suit is speaking at the pedestal .
A check with a green shirt uses a blowtorch on some food .
A man in black is riding his bike .
A dog is up on its backlegs trying OT catch a ball above its head .
A woman in a tank top , walks through a market on her cellphone .
A wheel loader picking up some dirt .
A child is on a motorcycle smiling .
Two men wearing swimming trunks jump in the air while on the beach .
People are busy shopping at a grocery store .
Two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset .
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting .
A person with an umbrella is crossing a street using a crosswalk .
The boy is outside enjoying a summer day .
A girl in green with glittery fairy wings holds a woman 's hand as they walk down a path in a park .
A man with a smile on his face put the chicken on the basin full of chicken
Students work together in groups .
a construction worker prepping for roof work .
A woman with body art takes a picture of art that is up for display .
A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm , getting ready for his ride .
A hispanic man talking to people .
A teenage boy grinds across a bar on his skateboard .
many people carry their drums .
Men spot welding on a the sidewalk of a city street .
A musical street quartet performs with a guitar case set out for donations .
A child jumping off bleachers with a blue shirt .
Woman in white dress selling items on the stairs .
A man on inline skates does a trick on a cracked concrete ramp .
A woman sitting on a bench by a coffee house .
A man dressed in dark colors and a hat plays his guitar on the side of the road .
Two men read a bunch of colorful notes laid out on a table .
Climbers with hiking boots and blue helmets ascend a snow covered mountain .
The man is in front of a building
A woman in a blue shirt releasing a bowling ball at a bowling lane .
Three people are having a conversation in a living room .
A woman wearing a p blouse walks up a flight of stairs .
A woman is jumping as she attempts to hit a tennis ball .
A man in a blue coat grabbing a young boy 's shoulder .
A photographer takes a picture of a group of one girl in a pink dress and 10 boys in suits and hats .
A woman in black has a little girl in a yellow dress on her shoulders .
A man in a gray overshirt and brown pants plays pool with a woman in a black and white striped shirt whose head cannot be seen .
Two people at the top of a mountain .
A man jumping away from a bull .
A male teen in a white hat looks at a coffee maker at the store .
There are two dogs in the snow and one has something in his mouth .
Many people are walking along a sidewalk with a variety of little shops .
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .
Young kids are on a small train ride .
A skateboarder in a black t-shirt and jeans skating threw the city .
A man in a rodeo is riding a bull while others watch .
A guy waterskiing behind a boat .
Several men dressed in orange gather for an outdoor social event .
A guy wearing a white shirt is playing a white guitar .
two East Asian women sitting outdoors behind a cow-like animal
A man in a red shirt is sitting on the grass , and a ball is flying towards him .
A couple is walking around an architectural building .
A Chinese man inside a restaurant waiting for people to enter .
A man sits on a fence while a group of people walks on the sidewalk in front of him .
A little child is in full ski gear while standing on the snow .
People stand inside a rock dome .
Three people are talking while two of them are drinking .
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb .
A football player dressed in a white uniform is preparing to throw the ball .
A man in a martial arts uniform in midair .
Men from Lafayette and Penn State are playing basketball .
a man standing on a street waiting to cross the road
A lady with blond-hair and glasses works hard to clean up her table .
Two dogs play by a tree .
A man holding a dog sitting on a bench overlooking a lake .
A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel on a track .
Eleven people gather in lake , group on left are male and conversing , group on right , male and female , walking further out into lake .
A cat looking after the rabbits in a cage .
A person in an orange jacket jumping in the air in the snow .
Children fight to win a tug-of-war battle .
Two American football players in blue are tackling a football player in red .
Four people are playing soccer on a beach .
A man in a pink shirt sitting next to a small building .
Four bicyclists in turquoise and striped tops are riding in a competition .
Two men , one wearing white and the other wearing blue , are wrestling .
Young man taping arm from injury wearing cowboy hat .
A toddler , whilst sitting in a stroller , is perplexed by a Korean child 's book .
A green beetle is resting upon a freckled nose of a young boy .
A man is standing in the window of a subway car as people walk past .
Woman in a white dress standing with a tennis racket and two people in green behind her .
A little girl wearing pink clothes is sitting in a rocking chair while looking back .
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
A man in red shirt displays his fighting technique on another man in gray shirt .
One man sitting at a bus stop .
A woman with pink hair bent down on the sidewalk holding to pink dogs .
A man in a blue shirt and apron prepares food .
A little girl tries taking a nap on the comfy sofa .
A woman works extremely hard while working on some type of weaving while what looks to be her children hang around behind her .
Two feet and a surfboard emerging from a wave .
Young people in sombreros enjoy shots and drinks .
A woman is standing and talking to a group of children .
A young girl running on the beach .
The teen jumps the hill with his bicycle .
A street corner with stores and two men walking the sidewalk .
A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl run in the sand .
Two children cross a small brook using a stone bridge .
An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel .
Girl about to kick a piece of wood in half while karate instructor holds it
Women , wearing traditional clothing , are reenacting native life .
Two people in blue shirts using a megaphone .
A boy skateboards on a cement wall .
The red car is ahead of the two cars in the background .
An African American child is holding something up that those in the picture are proud of .
A middle-aged woman with middle length brown hair in khaki pants , a long-sleeve blue shirt , and a long long gold jacket is walking in the subway station .
An ice hockey goalkeeper wearing yellow is defending the goal .
Couple walks down a corkscrew walkway above the street .
Man in a green shirt holding his shoes walking on the sand .
A man on a utility lift is standing in the tree branches .
We see the backs of a young Asian girl with a green shirt and a red hat holding hands with a young Asian girl with a striped pink shirt and a pink hat by the pool .
A black and white dog catching a baseball in midair .
A woman tears up over a huge donation to the Kids Food Basket .
Military men in blue and red suits stand in the street .
The boy in the red hat and jacket is carrying a huge lump of snow .
A group of men in matching red and black outfits ride in a line on their motorcycles .
A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog .
Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing with a crowd looking on .
Three people with political signs .
A gateway with wood paneling and Asian characters opens up onto a public street .
Two nuns , one with paper in her hand , and the other holding a bag .
Seven men wearing cowboy hats are near the fence of a rodeo field while one contestant is in the process of roping an animal .
Blond woman hanging over the edge .
A person in a red shirt and black pants is riding a white horse .
A group of young adults are leaning against a metal fence in a dark place , possibly a concert .
An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background .
An Asian man is standing outside of a restaurant wearing a purple shirt and purple bandanna .
Man , skateboarding
A couple sits on a motorcycle , in front of a group of other motorcyclists .
An asian woman wearing a traditional hat is riding the bicycle .
A homely looking woman is doing a dance .
Two men in robes next to a large structure .
A lady with a white tank top holds a blue yard style cocktail cup with her black tank topped phone holding a phone .
A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle , but keeps his grip during his ride .
Two teams of boys playing football in the sand .
An older woman is standing wearing a pink shirt and a hat .
There is a person in a green shirt riding a bike at an extreme angle in a rural area .
Here are three people unloading their groceries at the supermarket .
Two guys are kayaking , one orange one blue , down a creek .
A young woman with a black shirt and jeans sweeping .
Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street .
two males from the green team tackles the other members from black team for the ball in a game of rugby .
A man and a woman are each holding one of two little girl 's hands , crossing the street , in the distance is a cyclist .
A man wearing sunglasses is riding a scooter .
A woman and three children are playing with various toys from a toy box .
A male wearing a number 12 shirt , is maintaining the horse steady .
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
A window with some type of design painted on it .
A mother in blue and child walk down a sidewalk next to a brick street .
A man on a zip line being propelled through the water .
Two children are playing , one is jumping in the air .
The two man are dancing in the street .
A blond woman in a cowboy hat is carrying a multicolored messenger bag .
A black and brown dog running outside .
A group of men walk down the middle of a street that has poles lining the street .
A man wearing all white ( including a bandanna ) cooking something and making a huge flame .
An older man plays a game with a small child .
Four kids sit on the back of a guy in a banana suit while he does push ups .
A little girl holds a toddler while sitting on backyard trampoline .
A man on rollerblades grinds a wall .
A group of colorful children in a room with a green carpet on the maroon floors .
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper .
The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange whilst being watched by the girl in blue .
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach .
Two people working on welding metal together outside on a sidewalk .
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
A man wearing a tank-top and a baseball cap holding a camera .
Three men are wearing strange costumes .
A man wearing blue jeans , a blue shirt , and a green hat is holding a loudspeaker on a city street .
A happy family at thanksgiving .
A long-haired male skateboarding .
A man pounds on an artwork perched on a cart .
A man and his donkey stand along a sidewalk .
Runner named Kim , running in the street .
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .
The little girl is sitting in the chair with her head resting on the arm of the chair .
Two men breakdancing , with a crowd looking on .
A man and woman , dressed in white , embrace each other while their actions go unnoticed to the other people in the background .
Two people are playing baseball while another team watches off from the sideline .
Four men sit on the found in front of a church or synagogue .
Two ladies and a little girl in her pajamas opening gifts
A man wearing a blue shirt trying to get something with a pole from the roof of the room .
Male cheerleading squad performs at a park .
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe .
A girl is outside painting a picture of a lady on the side of the wall using chalk
a man in a harness being dragged across the water
Travelers with lots of luggage standing in the middle of a large , empty city area .
Two men , one in black and white and one in red , are playing beach volleyball .
People are riding bicycles in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .
The young girl in a cartoon shirt is enjoying a ride on a swing .
Protesters with " NO NEW COAL " signs in urban area .
two mechanics working on a drag racing car .
A little boy wearing a chef 's hat is working in a kitchen , chopping up some long hotdogs .
Laying on a couch in Ikea
a man sits on a bench listing to his iPod
A boy carrying a chunk of snow .
A man in a blue-collared shirt is seen watching a man at his cart in the evening .
A woman is measuring fabric with a wooden tool and by placing it directly on her fingers .
Police motorcycle waiting at a red light .
A large crowd of people are standing around in a park and a few are playing instruments .
A man packs up his toy airplane .
Boys in shorts jump and play outside
A busy day for citizens at a local city court .
A group of children are playing Tug-of-War .
Tourists walk among the grounds near a historic site .
Two women wearing tank tops are looking at the camera .
An gymnast is working the bar .
Two women sit on a brown scooter , one is wearing blue jeans and a brown jacket , the other is carrying a bag and has on black pants and a black top with a green hat .
A woman is holding an over sized check for $ 37,000 for the Kids Food Basket .
A dog jumps over an obstacle outside .
The white dog is running in the shallow water .
A pro basketball player in a white Miami uniform makes a defensive move .
A guy in a yellow hat talking into a microphone .
The girl is taking a drink from a water fountain .
A man in a chef 's uniform holding a large skillet over a stove , with fire coming out of the skillet .
little girl in pink dress running in grass
A shirtless man and three women walk outside near a street cafe .
Two mature hikers take a break and admire the sunset over the lake .
Woman singing with a microphone next to a person playing guitar .
Woman who just took pizza out of the oven and ca n't wait to eat it .
A show dog jumps through a flaming obstacle .
Two cars , one red and one blue , race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch .
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym .
A little girl barefoot , wearing a white shirt and brown skirt runs along the sandy shoreline .
A white duck expanding its wings in the water .
A family hurries across the street in a big city .
A man holding a remote controlled airplane .
Three dogs play together in the field .
A man stands on a mountaintop .
A woman in a blue shirt in the wild .
Football players are celebrating as an opposing team member watches .
white bench looking out onto the ocean with dog .
Two people are playing a water sport .
Man in a blue jumpsuit attempts to repair an escalator .
Soccer players are meandering over the playing field .
A man in an orange safety vest is using a piece of machinery .
A person is sweeping off a sidewalk in an urban area .
Whole Foods hosts a " City Picnic . "
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
A little boy is kneeling looking at his yellow shovel
People chilling in at forest next to canoes .
A group of asian sitting and eating in the middle of a market .
A man stirring a pot of liquid in this kitchen .
Three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments .
Man in a white shirt with a gold watch playing with a circuit board .
People gathering near a fountain while it snows .
A shirtless man in shorts is fishing while standing on some rocks .
A blond child sleeping by the couch .
A mom and her child walking down the street hand in hand in town .
One man and two women having a discussion over white wine
A cook is posing for a camera while cooking .
A blurred picture on a bicyclist .
A child with shoulder-length brown hair is playing in water outdoors .
A male soldier in green military fatigues , inspecting an old , metal weapon , placed on a bed of grass .
A crowd of people on the street gathering to watch several young men put on a show .
The sun is under someone 's nose .
A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave on a white surfboard .
A girl posing in the kitchen .
A man in a black shirt prepares to play the drum .
A squatting couple outdoors , engaged with a kneeling street performer or vendor reading from a book of manga .
A young woman in a fashionable tennis outfit between volleys .
A man is upside down in the air .
A blond woman displays a written poster for crowds to view .
Three bicyclists riding on bridge along side traffic .
The large gray colored dog is jumping on the beach .
A black woman with a child on her back is standing in a field holding onto a pole .
As I slave over this assignment , I cautiously click on the answer !
A red building with people sitting outside on the lawn in front .
A woman and a child embrace while the child tastes what they have been making .
A musical act wearing clown makeup is performing with a guitar .
A shirtless man in jean shorts fishing off the rocks .
The dog tries to bite the water coming out of the sprinkler .
Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck .
two smiling kids walking on sand
A boy and a woman in a white shawl working with plant products underneath a tree .
A man doing handstand on top of a round statue .
Lady with a green mask at the dentist and she just look very unhappy .
a black man exercising his religious freedom .
Several young black people traverse a market street in a rather dilapidated section of town .
A person on a bicycle rides down the city sidewalk at night .
A man in a bathing suit stands near a yellow kayak .
Everyone is getting ready to play the game .
An old man with an umbrella and cane walking down the street
People cooling off in a fountain , a woman in a white dress sits on the edge looking on .
A man with tattoo 's is reflecting light to a stage .
hockey player in white uniform with stick
a young girl wearing a bulky red life jacket floating in a lake .
A man dressed in yellow is speaking on the microphone .
Young people are standing in the store .
A man with sunglasses rides a scooter .
a girl smiles while holding a shovel .
A man and women sitting on the floor and the guy is having a drink .
Three dogs playing in a field , one with a ball in its mouth .
Two boys eat their McDonalds lunch in an outdoor seating area surrounded by many other people .
A man with no shirt fishing .
The one teen has a headband and the other one a hat .
Two people wearing odd alien-like costumes , one blue and one purple , are standing in a road .
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods .
A boy wearing a jean jacket with his hand on his chest smiling at the camera .
A girl has placed a purple cloth over her face while she lies on wooden structure .
A woman wearing rolled up jeans passing bus a pass whose ad appears to be checking her out .
A young girl with goggles strapped to her forehead enjoys the cool pool water .
People are shopping for fish at a market .
A man posing the camera with green crane .
An older lady uses a Stair Climber in non-work out clothes .
A man in an orange jacket is snowboarding .
One bald man is putting on a tie , which matches his button-down shirt , while looking into the mirror .
A red-haired woman in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree .
A man in a black shirt uses a yellow bulldozer .
A man with a backpack stopping and looking at the display in the store .
A woman is holding a large check for Kids Food Basket .
People at a photo shoot .
a group of children sitting on the floor , eating snacks at school
A man with blond-hair , and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain .
Two men are playing guitar in a band .
two men in black holding an umbrella in the street .
A man wearing a striped shirt is smoking a cigarette on the street
Various actors perform on a heart shaped stage .
Man in shorts standing by the water .
A cat is sitting atop a sign on the side of a building .
A young Lassie looking dog is in the snow .
Protesters joining on a city street .
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach .
An old woman watches a cat investigates two rabbits .
Children jump off the edge into a pool .
A man is playing an interment in a concert
Three kids are bouncing on large rubber balls in a grass field as other people watch .
A child carries his younger sibling in a cloth sling on his back .
A man in a white hoodie is sitting on top of bamboo scaffolding near the roof of a building holding a spade .
Two men in suits under an umbrella and in front of graffiti .
A man , possible a street musician , plays both a pan pipe and a small stringed instrument in an outdoor setting , while a bicycle leans against ivy in the background .
old men in striped shirts holding flags
Construction workers picketing against PM Construction Services .
Two doctors perform an operation .
Asian person holding a white porcelain Asian figurine of a woman holding a fan .
A man is throwing a log into a waterway while two dogs watch .
Two women talking to one another while a man looks on .
Two men sitting in a restaurant .
A man in a white helmet crouches while he skateboards .
a chinese man sitting down waiting for customers .
A lovely woman makes a point at a business meeting .
Young , smiling , blond female police officer from New York standing outside on a sidewalk .
Soccer players are jumping in the air to hit the ball with their heads .
Two people sitting under a tree picking a green vegetable .
An Asian man in a purple bandanna and dress shirt stands outside a restaurant nearby crates .
A unclothed man with gray hair is shaving his face .
A dog carries a very big stick through the water .
A boy jumps through the air onto something red .
a brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods .
A teenage girl is dressed up for Saint Patrick 's Day and holding her cellphone .
A lone man sits in a dark room before a desk , reading an internet article on the computer .
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
A woman wearing sunglasses , white shorts and gray t-shirt is walking her dog and talking to another woman pushing a stroller .
A young boy standing in the sand next to a sculpture of a pyramid that made out of the sand .
a person in a green jacket throws a stick into the water for a black and white dog to fetch whilst a brown and white dog looks on .
Three young girls in winter coats and hats inspect cameras .
A man in a white shirt has his mouth open and is adjusting dials .
A blond holding hands with a guy in the sand .
A young boy practices his bat swing while in the stands with blue seats .
A German Shepherd is running with a stick in its mouth .
A blond child jumping rope on a sidewalk .
Two men are sitting in a horse drawn cart with potatoes in the back .
A band plays a concert for fans .
People wait on a mass transit platform while a train speeds by .
A man standing on a city street .
The electrical worker in the back of his work truck .
Mother tending to her child .
Trampolines are a fun way to exercise .
A man rides a kicking bull in a bullpen .
A man in a dark jacket is playing an instrument .
A group of men using logs to push a boat out of the water .
Woman in pink parka sits near vending machine .
A child is riding a bike down an alleyway with graffiti in it .
Two men , dressed in business suits , wearing long black coats , sharing a blue plaid umbrella , standing against a graffiti painted brick wall .
An old man is sitting alone on a couch and sleeping .
Three people walk past a tourist attraction behind a wrought iron fence .
There are two Boston terriers biting at each other .
Some nature hikers stop to examine a log along the path .
three musicians on a stage , two are guitarists , and one is wearing a hat , black striped pants , strumming a red electric guitar , and the other guitarist is strumming a white guitar while the other musician is wearing blue jeans and a black t-shirt and singing .
Man with outstretched arms standing on a stone base
A man in a banana custom is carrying four children on his back .
A guy inside a sports arena wearing a yellow shirt and black cap is holding up a red bag containing snacks and a bottle containing something to drink .
Man in shorts and t-shirt walking and holding a drink in front of an archway .
A small girl is brushing a goat
A woman holds the hand of a wide-eyed baby , in a christmas themed outfit .
A man drinks from a wineglass while reading the paper .
A mountain biker travels along a dirt trail inside a heavily wooded area .
A soccer player is on the field with his arms out , about to kick the ball .
A boat with red , white and blue sails docking at a pier .
Two bald ladies in red dresses and matching jewelry laugh .
A man hauling dirt and sand in a backhoe .
A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog in a grassy yard .
A man sits at a wooden table and looks away to a crowd of people .
An African group of men , women , and babies pose in a field with large hills in the background .
Young man sitting on a skateboard , holding a cellphone , and posing on the escalator .
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .
Three people are sitting on a wooden bench .
A boy leaping in the air towards a soccer ball .
A dog leaps high in the air while another watches .
Three people sitting at a table outside Bar Gelati Tabacchi .
a boy hangs out of a passing taxi cab window
A dog rolls on the ground .
Cowboy preparing to lasso .
A man drives a motorcycle in a wooded area , with another driver standing to the side .
A young boy wearing a white tunic , white pants , and a yellow belt is standing on his left leg with his right leg extended in a karate pose .
An oriental woman wearing a hat riding down the street on a bicycle .
A woman with long hair in black clothing is taking a photograph .
A red , white , and blue security vehicle is driving down a rocky beach toward some birds on a cloudy day .
A teenage girl with a shaved head walks in a brown skirt and blue jean jacket .
A man smoking a cigarette and wearing a NY baseball cap is looking down at a camera .
Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track .
Two men sitting on a cart being drawn by a horse down a cobblestone street .
A family in the desert .
A girl sitting on a chair backwards .
A line of bicyclists in a race rode past interested spectators a mere few feet away .
A man is taking a video of another man while a few others look on .
A group of musicians plays outdoors with an open guitar case in front of them .
Man standing by 9-11 poster
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .
A man strolls down a sidewalk , holding an orange bag .
A woman blowing on a milkweed in a field .
An officer squints directly at the camera as he leans on a metal bar .
A woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background .
Two adults and two children pose on a park bench .
The man in a Japanese cooking suit is preparing a meal for two people .
A band plays on stage in front of an audience .
A blond , fair-skinned baby in a pink top and bib sits in a highchair and eats a biscuit .
Four adults and a little blond girl walk up a set of outside stairs lead by a lady in a pink shirt .
Two young females talk and text as they stare into the distance .
A cowboy-looking fellow slings a lasso .
A woman in a pink sweater cleaning a dining table .
A woman in a green tank top looking at a drill while a crowd looks on .
A man in red pants is carrying groceries on a motorcycle .
A woman and a child are walking down a street .
The ladies who went shopping are walking past the restaurant .
A young man walking with another young man glances back at three girls they just passed
The wet brown dog is running in the water .
A man trimming a palm tree inside a patio-type cafe ' .
A black man leans over as a white man jumps on his back backwards .
Two boys crossing a street with a red ball .
A skateboarder rides up a concrete wall , nearly falling off as he tries a trick .
A woman in a green-patterned shirt is talking on a cellphone .
A man in a green t-shirt walks down a beach , carrying his tennis shoes .
A woman in a serving motion playing beach volleyball .
A man sitting on a statue outdoors , near a woman standing next to him .
Two people are sitting fishing on striped beach chairs in a body of water .
A man is standing on a stone structure with his arms out like a bird .
An African woman is standing near a well filling a jug near a hut with a thatched roof .
A female child is on the shoulders of parent .
Two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water on to a walkway made of tires .
A small boy enjoys chasing ducks in the fall .
Indy car , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turn , in front of the white car .
A young boy with sunglasses is poised to run while a fair looms behind him .
Girl with tattoos looking a painting .
Two young children scaling a wall with harnesses on .
A group of people wearing snowshoes , and dressed for winter hiking , is standing in front of a building that looks like it 's made of blocks of ice .
A woman sitting on a bench next to someone wearing a hat and sitting in a wheelchair .
Rhythmic gymnasts are new to the competitive olympics .
Two women are dancing while men play music behind them .
A guy ready to make a purchase at a small shop .
A young gymnast performs for an audience .
An audience cheers at a concert .
Young female tennis player in a red shirt hitting the ball .
A man in yellow pants and wearing no shirt is being watched by many people .
Woman with white apron cooks food , large group of people sitting at tables behind her .
Crowd gathered in city park .
A snowboarder in an orange coat is in the middle of a jump .
A curly-haired child is blowing away dandelion seeds while laying in a field of lush green grass .
Workers are removing ice from a walkway .
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance .
a boy in a stripy shirt is playing with a soccer ball in a grassy park in front of some bushes .
A group of young children , most of them on bikes , are on a dirt road with trees on one side .
A brown dog with white paws is trotting through a field of green grass .
a boy firing a gun inside a shooting range
A boy wearing an orange doritos shirt looks like he 's about to jump off of a piece of furniture .
Many Asian people waiting at a train stop .
A brown-haired man in a green shirt plays a trumpet outdoors .
An adult wearing a black shirt and tan pants is standing at the water 's edge with two children .
A black and tan dog is running with a white and gray dog along dirt .
Someone is at the water 's edge with two dogs .
A girl is holding up the peace sign .
A woman is riding her horse over dirt ground with tall trees in the background .
A person is sitting on a chair next to a very small house .
A dog jumps by a tree while another lays on the ground .
A man in an orange jumpsuit and hard hat stands in front of a large reel of blue hose .
The young lady is looking at the pizza .
Man and woman having a serious conversation outside .
Two people are staring at a river at night next to a statue of a man .
A dog is playing in water on a beach .
Man in Santa suit socializes at holiday event .
A man wearing jeans and boots is jumping into the air with a white sandy hill below him , and a blue cloudless sky behind him .
Girl playing the trumpet in a marching band
A bride in a light pink dress poses for a picture with male relatives and is being photographed by a man in a cream shirt with white pants .
An African-American male wearing black shoes carrying a black bag walks along a yellow wall with the words " E.S.E. Electronics " painted on it .
A girl in pink is holding onto a young boy wearing red .
A boy in a red uniform is attempting to avoid getting out at home plate , while the catcher in the blue uniform is attempting to catch him .
A young boy wearing blue is standing next to a large red ball in a field .
A man with black pants and a white shirt is reaching into a large white plastic bag in front of a store with large windows .
A woman in the red jacket is holding two multicolored ribbons .
Friends are going canoeing .
A man in a turban looks at two police officers who are near a tent and a pile of refuse .
A group of young and old practice together for an instrumental performance .
A father and daughter holding a young tree upright , ready to be planted , as the son stands to their side wielding a shovel .
A woman poses with a smile with two pink puppies at her hand .
A woman is sitting on some stairs outside with several baskets filled with craft items and miniature dolls at her feet and next to her for sale .
Man sitting outside on sidewalk playing music while taking donations .
A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo .
Three people smiling and holding political signs .
Four females of Asian descent are wearing golden dresses while performing point ballet .
A woman gives a small child a piggyback ride .
A man in green walking down the beach while holding his shoes .
Three people are talking in front of an airport
Two horse racing jockeys , one in checkered blue and red and the other in orange and brown , are racing against a blurry background .
A little girl is sleeping with a book .
Two towers made of flashy fabric with weird heads on top of them are facing each other on a roadway .
Several people with instruments waiting at a train station .
Masked protester surrounded by the police .
A crowd of guards standing on a sidewalk .
The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing .
A brown dog standing at the bottom of stone , outdoor stairs .
A man sitting at a picnic table with a tray and partially consumed beer in front of him .
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl .
A lady sitting on the couch in front of a large set of windows reading .
A man with his feet up using a telephone .
A man in a white shirt is driving a tractor and dumping a load of sand .
A man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment .
A young man in a black t-shirt and jeans rides a skateboard on the side of the street .
a skateboarder grinds a red rail .
Men , women and children walking up and down a street .
The camera was tilted to the side to show this small room containing a number of different umbrellas in solid colors of red , blue , and black , most of them open and on the floor , while a woman stands behind them near the door to the room .
A man with a beard checks his cellphone while a lady looks on .
Three workers in safety vests and hard hats lay cement .
A dark-haired man wearing a black apron .
A dark-haired man sits atop a structure near a dark-haired woman wearing sunglasses .
A man in a green hard hat and yellow vest is looking down .
A man talks on a cellphone while walking through an empty alley .
A group of young people actively jumping into the air with arms up and outward in different directions with legs bent and extended to positions of motion .
A man is playing an instrument beside a microphone .
Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting .
girl wearing radio t-shirt has open mouth
Runners who are competing sprint down the street .
The lone man in red sits outside of his blue door and windowed house contemplating about his thought .
an upside down man doing a flip on a waterski board
A smiling lady is skiing in extremely cold weather .
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is smiling for another camera .
Africans gather water at an outdoor tap .
A man is walking past a large sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .
A uniformed man standing and cheering while holding his hat in his hands .
A young girl in a red dress is wearing a black cowboy hat .
A few men in gold and red oriental robes .
Two young men play electric guitars on stage .
A bicyclist passes with a giant sign that reads " lovely . "
two guys playing the guitar
Women running on a soccer field .
A smiling young boy plays in the leaves among the ducks .
Two guys and a girl smiling .
Two construction workmen wearing hard hats work on a window .
The dog with the red collar is bearing its teeth at the dog with the blue collar .
The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship .
A middle-aged man with red-hair and glasses holding an infant .
Some children are outside playing in the dirt where two trees are .
dogs playing
A man in black is walking to his truck in the snow .
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
A small child jumping rope as other children clap their hands over their heads nearby .
A child looks through a binocular station near the beach .
A woman makes fabric in a village .
A little girl reaches over to brush a goat .
A cat is looking down from on top of a sign .
Spectators about to watch a woman use a drill .
Two men and a lady are standing outside .
Woman in a pink shirt and wearing glasses .
Three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .
The school bus is unloading children near the parked cars .
A man on a skateboard waits at the corner of a city street , with an overpass in the background .
Two monks are visiting a big city .
A man and a boy on a rocky beach .
The boys are having fun jumping off the bridge into the water .
A semi trailer is inside a building , and people are gathered behind its open rear door where there are displays being set up .
A man in a helmet treads water .
Some Asian men are sitting while others are standing around .
A lady attired in an apron stands over a kettle , preparing food , while patrons sit , chat , and dine in the background .
A very young child in a denim baseball cap eats a green apple .
A teen with a purse squats on a curb .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A wakeboarder performs a flip while being towed at high speed .
Three guys smiling for camera and showing off their muscles .
The man is performing a trick with a bicycle high in the air .
A mountain biker with a backpack crests a ridge .
On stage photo of small band performing for theater audience .
A dj playing music in a club .
A man in a suit is straddling two pillars while holding a flame .
Three men are dressed in strange costumes , two are carrying musical instruments .
A man in a t-shirt crosses the street while a woman behind him begins to step off the curb .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth .
This is a group of people standing around at some sort of event .
Person in red-checked jacket with fur collar and dark stocking cap with head bowed .
Africans wearing colorful clothing gather behind a fence .
Two men and one woman are sitting in a subway train .
People are holding various types of drumsticks above different kinds of drums .
A laughing woman is sitting on a patterned couch .
A woman is laying down on a sofa laughing .
A man in blue overalls is sawing wood .
A teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game .
Two older women outside set against a cityscape .
One boy at the shooting range .
one white dog is running with a tennis ball in his mouth while another dog jogs along
A soccer player in a yellow jersey is standing alone on the field .
A girl jumps rope on a sidewalk .
Many people wearing headphones are sitting in blue chairs looking at computers .
The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad .
A terrier chasing a red ball .
A man in uniform is walking by a car .
Two women and a man are having a discussion at an event .
Men , surrounded by nature , are riding mountain bikes .
6 people are gathered around to eat a big dinner .
A boy and a girl are swinging on a swing set in a park .
A boy lays on top of a girl in a field .
A couple of men are standing outside a tent .
A boy is sitting on an escalator holding a phone .
a group of people all joking around
Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a house .
A crowd is gathered in a large outdoor public space .
A young boy in a soccer uniform prepares to kick a soccer ball .
Three people are pictured walking down and alleyway .
a man is carrying a load of fruit through his crops .
A white duck spreads its wings while in the water .
An infant wearing a hat , holding an apple in his right hand .
A woman cyclist wearing a white helmet , sunglasses , black long-sleeved shirt and black and pink biking shorts pedals straight toward the camera lens .
Two male hikers inspect a log by the side of a forest path .
Many people in blue jeans stand in front of a white church .
The woman is at marketplace buying fish from an Arabic person .
A person wearing blue rubber gloves is loading a syringe with vegetables .
There is a band on stage with band members wearing hints of blue .
A DJ in a club , adjusting levels on his mixing board .
A dog hurdles over a series of poles .
A child swings and the sunshine shines down on her .
A girl lays on a wooden deck with a piece of clothing covering her face .
An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand .
Young men playing football .
Cowboy riding a black bull in a ring .
A large crowd of people are walking down the street .
A man in a black costume wielding a wooden stick attacks a woman in yellow garb outdoors , under green trees , for a crowd .
Young man in warm coat outside storefront .
A dog in water holds a stick in its mouth .
A man cooking food on the stove .
A girl wearing camouflage pants sits on top of a Hummer .
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes attempts a trick on a skateboard above the lip of a bowl .
A male in a purple shirt and white hat is driving a vehicle that has four wheels and some sort of basket in the front of it carrying three people .
A little girl jumps from one rock to another in a creek .
A young boy is either jumping on a trampoline or skateboarding and he is serious about it on a beautiful summer day .
A group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers .
A guy playing an accordion with people listening and watching .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress is lying on the floor crying .
There is a man in a red uniform , with many medals , standing next to a crowd of people , some of which are holding British flags .
A man holding a black and white umbrella is walking uphill on a city street .
The two dogs are outside .
A man with glasses and a beard sitting in the grass .
A couple smiling while sitting .
Runner 3618 is racing down the street .
Several Asian people are walking around a busy downtown shopping area .
A woman wearing a pink shirt and red apron stands in her restaurant holding food and surrounded by bagged breads , a microwave and the chalkboard menu up on the wall .
A lady selling food outside of a building .
A man in a white shirt doing some kind of work on a street .
A man in a blue t-shirt is speaking into a blow horn towards a large group of people with bicycles .
A football player in a white jersey readies himself to make a long throw .
A man wearing a helmet , floating in the water .
A group of medical students dressed in blue scrubs , visitor sitting on the wall enjoy some fresh air .
A group of people walking up stairs surrounded by buildings covered in graffiti .
A girl sits on a decorated bike with a younger boy while another girl takes a picture .
A cowboy on a horse twirling his lasso in anticipation of throwing it .
Two row of trees leading to an open gate .
people standing in a stadium looking at large black balls .
A child leans over a display made up of blue and yellow plastic , while an adult looks on .
Two guys wearing jackets .
A group of people are sitting on the grass outside of a rustic building .
Men in casual attire browsing an outdoor fish market .
Ballet dancers on toe wear golden long dresses and hold golden flags .
A family between a van and fence
A group of people eats in yellow chairs at a restaurant , with many fans and lights on the ceiling .
A young girl playing on a blue playground .
A hockey player guards the goal .
A band is playing to a cheering crowd .
a young girl wearing a gray snowsuit skiing on a snowy mountain .
Two soccer players on different teams collide in midair while jumping towards the ball .
Two men are sitting at a table in a restaurant , one smoking and one reading a newspaper .
A young man sits on the curb while another rides a skateboard with green wheels down the street .
A boy and girl standing together on the pavement as they look at an object .
A baby with a pink hat , held by a man in red and a woman in pink .
An Asian woman in a white shirt working with machinery giving the peace sign .
Four construction workers gathered around a hole looking in a bucket .
a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth .
A man wearing a brown shirt embellished on the front with black designs drinks from a water fountain shaped like a woman .
Two young men are loading fruit unto a bicycle .
A bunch of beer pull tabs at a bar with Christmas lights on the ceiling .
Old man riding a bike down the street .
The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log .
A group of people dancing .
A person in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley .
A bearded man in a plaid shirt is sitting at a table wearing large black gloves .
A black dog carrying a colorful ball swims .
A little boy in a red hat riding a horse .
An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench .
A cat bites a human 's nose .
The man with the cane is on a walk .
The cars are racing around the track .
A young boy in a blue hat and bib eating a green apple .
An Indian boy looks at a black cow whilst a woman in a blue and green sari looks away .
A middle-aged male is holding a spotlight .
A man in light colored clothing photographs a group of men wearing dark suits and hats standing around a woman dressed in a strapless gown .
A woman exercises on an elliptical machine .
A man wearing a hat is showing a group of children how to throw a net off of a dock .
Woman with red shirt sitting holding purse .
Fans of a football team look out onto the field .
A woman paints a brown vase with white flowers .
A man with a bushy beard and a baseball cap sits on a park bench .
A teenage girl holds a little boy near ivy covered walls .
A right-handed pitcher for the Saints is throwing a pitch .
A man with a blue shirt and gray apron cuts fish at an outdoor market .
A black dog is running outside with a toy in its mouth .
Costumed onlookers watch as a uniformed policeman makes a speech and a man in a suit holds a bowl of fruit .
A boy jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket
Two jockeys on horses are racing down a track .
Two women and a man are looking at a book .
A man wearing a cowboy hat and suspenders , uses his cane to help him walk down a narrow road surrounded by tall grass .
Youngle people standing together .
A man is about to fall onto the ground while he rodeos .
people on a miniature train .
An Oriental traveler awaits his turn at the currency exchange .
The woman in the gold coat hurries to catch the subway .
Older man riding public transportation while reading a newspaper .
A woman is blowing the seeds from a dandelion .
An older man with a cigarette in his mouth and a ball cap inspects his camera .
A shirtless man is fishing , standing on large rocks that rest next to a boardwalk with a tall lamp post in the forefront .
A woman with short hair holds a small baby in her arms .
The woman in blue is operating a camera in front of two other women .
Old man with black shirt throws hands up while sitting next to white woman and white man .
The ball carrier is being tackled by a group of opposing players .
The basketball player is number 21 from Miami .
Person in a brown sweatshirt does a flip in midair over a trampoline with a river and electrical lines in the background .
A baseball player attempting to score a run before the catcher tags the player out .
A man dressed in orange t-shirt is trying to hit a baseball , with a few people looking at them and a keeper behind trying to catch the ball .
A man in sunglasses is eating and holding a baby wearing a white bucket hat .
A bald headed man is standing by the beer pumps at the bar .
People walking through the mall .
A man in white jumps away from a bull in a bull-fighting ring .
Two boys in black pants are in contact with each with a slide in the background .
A man grips the underhang of a rock .
A rock band is performing in a concert hall with hexagonal roof panels .
An older woman looks at the camera while young children play with many kinds of toys around the room in the background .
A woman in a pink sweater and an apron , cleaning a table with a sponge .
A woman wearing all black looking at something .
A man in a long-sleeved gray shirt and jeans leaps from a sandy hillside .
A person is sitting comfortably on a bench in a park .
Two women wearing jeans and a man wearing shorts walking up a gravel mountain road carrying backpacks .
A person in red with their hand raised and fingers stressed .
A man is sitting in a barber 's chair getting ready for a shave .
A blue boat sitting on a dock .
Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area .
Several women are performing a dance in front of a building .
Two people are spending good time in their boat .
A fisherman throws his net off of a pier in the early morning or late evening .
A woman wearing a yellow sweater and red vest working at a computer .
Two women , one wearing a purple shirt and the other a green shirt , are climbing their way up an electrical pole with safety equipment with onlookers .
Couple sitting in the chairs in a backyard .
An older man sites on a cushioned bench with his hands crossed in his lap .
Three Asian children sitting on a couch with tapestries hanging in the background .
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child .
Two people , wearing white , are painting a wall .
An old man in a green shirt is walking down a paved path with three small children .
A football coach and his team on the sidelines .
A man is writing on a chalkboard full of paragraphs with a pencil in his ear .
An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store .
A girl playing trumpet in a marching band .
A female police officer , wearing an officer 's hat and sunglasses , stands in uniform in front of a window-lined street block .
A young man about to throw a football .
A cyclist checking his gear for his sunset bike ride .
A black and a yellow dog
Two girls running along the shore .
A person rappelling a cliff above a body of water .
A gray dog plays in the sand at the ocean .
You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere
Group of people standing in front of a stone structure .
a boy in an over-sized chef hat and apron , cutting sausages in the kitchen .
Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse .
These two workers are working in the green field .
A mountain biker rides up a hill on a red bicycle .
A little girl in cuffed jeans , a long-sleeve pink shirt and no shoes is sleeping on the sofa .
A woman with a tissue cleans the face of an infant .
A baby playing with her toys looking at a black and white cat .
People walking down sidewalk next to a line of stores .
A young girl is trying to brush a goat .
A row of bikers wearing red and black .
A group of children prepare to perform .
A student reads a book while others enjoy art photography in a gallery .
Woman with a hat on climbing a cliff near a large body of water .
A man cutting branches of trees .
A woman reads a book while sitting in a row of red chairs .
Two children , one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots , swing on the swings at a playground .
Two boys holding a green rope and competing against each other on a balancing rod , while others look on .
A man in a black costume and a woman in an orange costume are dueling in front of a crowd of spectators .
Two young adults at a rodeo , one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride .
A young man is sitting in front of a drum .
Six children , sitting on a step with notepads and crayons .
a man with glasses typing on the computer
A crowd eats in a restaurant .
A number of people are doing a synchronized martial arts performance in the street .
A small boy jumps from a bunk bed onto a single bed .
A cat sits on top of a store sign .
A man is giving some kind of magic presentation to a family .
A large black dog and a large yellow dog appear to be playing with a soccer ball .
The brown dog with the white chest is carrying a ball .
A young women sunbathes at the sea .
A woman in a white shirt and hat speaks to a large crowd of men and women using a megaphone .
A man in a blue shirt lifts a long pole-handled tool towards a ceiling in a restaurant decorated in an Oriental style with small orange paper lanterns .
A group of volleyball girls high-fiving each other in a gym .
The man in the green t-shirt has his feet up whilst talking on a cellphone .
Eight people in blue shits and one woman on her cellphone that is wearing a black shirt and a skirt .
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping .
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
A man with a bright reflective vest and headphones is standing next to a man with a suit and scarf .
A naked baby makes a face while helping someone stir food
A man is standing next to a billboard advertising 9-11 conspiracy theories .
Two doctors are working on a surgical procedure .
A picture of a storefront with a few people passing by .
A group of people push a boat away from the water onto the beach .
A kid in a red and black coat is laying on his back in the snow with his arm in the air and a red sled is next to him .
Two rockers are singing and playing on a dark stage .
Native woman being constructive with her hands .
A man sits on a small chair on a sidewalk .
Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs .
A man in a black shirt fishing on a rocky shore .
Four in bright clothes men are performing on a stage , while other men in brown at the base of the stage work on equipment .
A boater pulls a weight on a rope out of the water .
Four females are doing some crafts activity .
A man playing a guitar in the fog around other musical instruments on stage .
A boy aiming his gun at a target .
two kids sitting at a table eating .
A man walks into a maroon building as a dog looks on .
A little boy and two older kids are playing on gym equipment in a park with benches and trees .
A child wearing Crocs sits on a swing in a wooded area .
A man lounging on a couch surrounded by more furniture .
Two women are strapped to a tree in some type of construction job .
A smiling man is holding a tool .
Four football players in black are tackling the opposing team 's player , shown in white , while it is raining .
A man and woman perform a martial arts demonstration with practice katanas in front of an audience in an outside park like environment .
A man stands at a barbecues .
A group of children play in a public fountain while others sit where it is dryer .
A kid is crying because he got hurt while playing .
A man in a black hooded jacket stands next to a tree and plays a wind instrument .
A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks .
Street magician showing an act to a group of 5 people in a city .
A man in a vest works outside .
Six men sit in a field of crops containing wooden crates .
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man 's cup .
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera .
Many people are walking along the sidewalk in an Asian marketplace .
A runner scrambles for yardage while being brought down by two tacklers .
A police officer is lighting a cigarette .
Only feet are visible above the water .
A blond girl wearing blue jumping across a stream .
A young woman wearing pink and blue is performing gymnastic feats while twirling a ribbon .
Three brown dogs are jumping up at the woman wearing blue .
The kids are listening to their teacher .
A child walks next to a woman down a park path .
